* Freezer
The liquid at the bottom of the bin, is usually run off as the food is decomposing. It can often smell sour and can be too acidic for plants. It is not recommend to use this liquid on its own to water plants. Problem is you still have this liquid that needs to be dealt with so sometimes I just dilute it with a lot of water and still water my plants with it. Yes, it may be a bit acidic but better than dumping it down the drain or even worse letting it run off my balcony onto other balconies Yuck!
The backs are similar to the popular 1967 set, except yellow instead of green and are vertical just as they were in 1966 with the typical stats, biography and fun trivia questions and answers,see how many you can get right.
The Chapter 11 filing by Betsey Johnson LLC will see most of the chains 63 stores close, a person familiar with the matter said. Steven Madden Ltd., which owns the Betsey Johnson license, likely will keep four or five flagships in New York City and a few other cities, the person said.
Fold over each unfinished edge of the front and back panel about 1/2". Place the velcro over the folded edges and sew. Sew the velcro for the top panel onto the wrong side of the fabric, and the velcro for the bottom panel onto the right side of the fabric. When the sunsuit is facing down, both velcro pieces should be facing you.
This difference can be viewed quantitatively also. "She's Come Undone" garnered 9 little yellow post-its from me, while the slightly less recent selection, "The Book of Ruth", acquired 19 - some back-to-back on the same leaf.
I dont think you do. Authentic leadership is a skill and not a position. And it is essential for anyone who wants to bring their best to their work and life.
* Fast.
Who gave him the authority to speak for mankind? I know for a fact that many humans are dedicated piss-drinkers, convinced of the fluids therapeutic properties. A celebrated exponent of the practice is the English actress Sarah Miles, whom I met many years ago after a circus show.
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey, ordered the inquiry April 24, the same day he canceled Perspectives on Islam and Islamic Radicalism, a training course that asserted that Islam was at war with the West. The course had been offered as an elective at the Joint Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Va., since 2004.
Add any of the following with wet ingredients: 1/4 cup acceptable juice, 1/2-1 cup peanut butter, 1/2 tsp maple flavoring
It was a few days later, having gone up to Edinburgh and the Yorkshire Dales and back, that we arrived in Hurst Green. It was late in the evening, so we settled at the inn, and had a drink or two before bed:
I read this post recently, by a grown unschooler who states that "many grown homeschoolers are wide-ranging academics on the side, but most people are not. Thats a problem."
Now why do we need so many rules and cops at these events? Exactly what and whom are they protecting? I doubt the security demands are so tight at the Scottish parade as to warrant overtime commitment for officers. If the police were instructed in these circumstances to help rather than hinder, everyone would be safer.
In all of these cases, the Assignment was prepared to conceal the actual date that the property was acquired by the Trust. An examination of the Assignments filed showing the grantee as the Trust  such as Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006  OPT 2  shows that most of these Assignments were prepared and filed in 2008 and 2009, when, in reality, the mortgages and notes were actually assigned  albeit defectively  prior to the closing date of the Trust. While the exact closing date can only be determined by looking at the trust documents, any Trust that includes the year in 2006 in its title most likelyclosed in 2006.
Weve been lucky enough to play some shows with King Creosote in the past, and Ive bumped into Johnny Lynch whos the Pictish Trail who runs FENCE with Kenny (Anderson of King Creosote) and theyve had us up to Homegame and stuff. That was a big thing for us as King Creosote, especially, has always been a massive influence on our music from the early days. The fact that you can play some shows with these folk makes you feel like youre a part of it anyway.
And now I cry because I don't know how to help him. I don't know how to explain to him that it's not going to be painful, to tell him that if he goes just one time in a day he won't have the issues that he has. That the other kids won't make fun of him.
1. During the expansion of the Ottoman Empire, the people of Mohcs hid in the swamps and woods surrounding the town to avoid slaughter. One night, an old man appeared out to the refugees. He instructed them that on the night of the next storm a knight will arrive and that he would lead the people to reclaim their town. He told them to dress in animal skins and wear wooden masks. The knight arrived as foretold, and the costumed refugees raided the village, making as much noise as possible. The Turks were so frightened by the masked men and noises, thinking they were evil spirits, they fled Mohcs before sunrise. The town reenacts the reclaiming of Mohcs every year.
Zombie me has now been made retro.
but in reflection you realize
Despite the provocative headline, the short article itself is very well done and she accurately reports the issue as the industry sees it. A good business person tries to satisfy his or her customers. If customers want bourbon made from non-GMO corn, the producers will try to give it to them. That doesn't mean anyone in the business believes there is anything wrong with bourbon made from genetically-modified corn. It just means we are, as Paul Simon sang, "trying to keep the customers satisfied."
Who booked the date and when (if different from above)
Randed shoes are losing popularity by this time period. That's not to say they don't exist, but the English seem to use them much less commonly after 1760 (this is the only post-1750 example on the Shoe Icons site). It makes for a much sturdier shoe, and the sole can be replaced. The rand is stitched to the upper, then the rand is stitched to the outsole, all right side out.
Silver Thornbridge Versa 5.0
We are being experimented on again by the companies doing the genetic alterations, and being led to it by our government.
The above image shows a simplified model of the interior of star with the onion-layer structure (with some elements removed for clarity). Just how far it can get up the periodic table depends strongly on a star's mass - only the most massive stars will have the full onion-layer structure I outlined above. Smaller stars such as our Sun might only get to the helium fusion stage...there's simply not enough mass to gravitationally squeeze the core enough to undergo carbon/oxygen fusion. Very small stars may not even be able to start fusing helium.
The Lincoln Towncar is a large automobile with a large engine, but it's not exactly a racer. In a straight line, however, on a nice smooth highway, she can move. Let's just say that I averaged somewhere in the hot-day Fahrenheit numbers that day, breaking my record as a chauffeur for the distance.
In a plate/bowl, spoon in 1/2 cup brown rice. Add one guacamole package to the mix and the desired amount of sour cream (I used 2 tablespoons). Mix together so that the flavors are combined.
Paper & sentiment - Craftwork Cards.
Email me at cassie8978@gmail.com to RSVP and obtain the address. Also, let me know what you would like to bring. If too many people are bringing similar dishes, you may be assigned a different type of dish or drink. Also email what you're wearing so we don't show up wearing the same thing. ;) kidding!
A small team conducted the helicopter raid on the compound. An official called it a complex operation, noting that the compound was a virtual fortress - built in 2006 with high walls, razor wire and other defense features. Its suburban location and proximity to Islamabad complicated the operation, the official said.
Trust this lady to be the first to champion a lampshade skirt dress from the Mary Katrantzou's Spring Summer 2011 collection and just get a load of that stash of jewellery! She also mentions having an entire flat in Milan to store her wardrobe (this video appears to be in her Parisian flat). Now that must be one serious dressing up box.
I just received a package in the mail from a bereavement counselor I spoke to a couple of weeks ago. There are several brochures on grieving the loss of an infant, memorial ideas, and how to help other children through the loss of their sibling. Im sitting here in my car in the parking lot of Gretas dance class skimming through these brochures and had to put them away. That anyone should lose an infant, let alone myself, is just unbearably sad.
And don't worry... I am not leaving the industry, or quitting. Far from it.
Lately I have been very frustrated about the scores I get on the tests in my training. You see, I had been hired by a Call Center for an inbound account and right now, its my 2nd week on training. I havent failed any written exams, but whats making me frustrated is that I am always one point short from getting the perfect grade.
Paul Foot wrote a book on this election Immigration and Race in British Politics and, though an excellent journalist, he could not overcome his prejudice to give Mr. Griffiths a fair examination. However, he did note Walkers hypocrisy and commented, The racial bitterness stirred upcould well last for a generation. For this Patrick Gordon Walker must take his share of the responsibility. He quoted a Birmingham mp, look at Patrick. He never left the subject alone.(1) Walker had issued different election leaflets for each ethnic group. While he was preaching against race discrimination, Smethwick Labour club operated a colour bar! Mr.Griffiths told the Birmingham Evening Mail, on 24/9/1964, The Socialists are attempting to obtain the coloured vote because they think it will hold Smethwick for them.Many current attitudes were pre-figured in this election. The recent suggestion by Trevor Philips, head of the Commission for Racial Equality, has suggested young Black boys need schooling separately. This is similar to a suggestion by Peter Griffiths in February 1964, when in response to complaints from white parents he proposed to hold special classes for Indian children who could not speak English for three hours a day. They were to be taught by their own teachers in English, maths and science and then rejoin the others for games and crafts. He was accused of trying to start Apartheid in local schools!
This is the final list Im going to post of great books to give this holiday season. You can't give more enchantment for less. The Fiction Writers Co-Op53 authors of distinguished, award-winning, and best-selling fictionrecommend:
Beer Reviews: 72
learning about the immune system in science the day before we learned about The Black Plague in history!
Even if you don't have a party in the near future, this is a good time to stock up!
People are becoming more concerned about the way their city is being run. There is plenty of evidence that the city authorities massage the news to make them look responsible and innovative.
I happen to have a painfully difficult individual in my life. Every time this person comes and verbally attacks me, I usually respond with the same level of intensity. (Not a good Idea)
Reproduction locks? You can find these at the flea for $6-$15 each. We sell keys 2 for $1. ( Skeleton keys are $3 each.) My dealer friend Judy Walsberg even brings originals back from her summers in England.
But Dad was in love, so he arranged another liaison with Mum, raised the issue, and the misunderstanding was sorted out.
Close up of my first house square and the first motif.
I came home with a suburban full of groceries and no way to bring them into the kitchen. There was yolk on the backsplash and floor was a hazmat site. Slimy egg whites all over the floor and dried egg white splatter all over the dark wood cabinets, the countertops, and the appliances. I am not even stressed out yet about the dye that is spilled all over the kitchen table and chairs and banquette. I hadnt even processed the fact my kids have put their mouths all over unwashed raw eggs. The CDC is going to have a tough time determining if our salmonella outbreak is from our Easter eggs or from catching turtles in the pond.
It seems that message did finally break through. In September, the young woman tried to leave, but was allegedly assaulted by Boston in an alley. She ran for help to a nearby business, where police were called.
I am confident that it is nothing, terrified it's something, and embarrassed to admit I feel like this is all my fault!
Now, please don't misunderstand what I'm saying--I realize that there are a lot of people who have little choice right now but to depend on certain organizations and social programs to help them put food on the table, and I'm not directing these comments at people who are truly needy. I'm directing these comments to those of you who aren't willing to live below your means now because you think someone will bail you out down the road when you're broke and hungry.
Ive had a few minor injuries of late (sprained knee, sprained elbow, and sprained fingers), but all of them are starting to feel a lot better; plus I got some braces for my knee and elbow, and tape for my fingers so Im not worried about these injuries being a factor on Saturday.
"Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Therefore take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. Stand therefore, having girded your waist with truth, having put on the breastplate of righteousness, and having shod your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace; above all, taking the shield of faith with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one. And take the helmet of Salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God; praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, being watchful to this end with all perseverance and supplication for all the saints."
Lunch: 1/2 cup low fat cottage cheese, 1/4 cup cantaloupe
much love and appreciation for your support and for commenting, and following and all that sweet stuff you do ;)
Lost Dog comes out of the cage first. An 11.5% Rum Barrel Aged Imperial Porter has a lot to live up to, so let's get the crack. I was really exited about this beer, not just because of what it is, but because it's made with the guys at Lost Abbey. I've had a lot of beer from the guys from Southern California, and I've been blown away by all of them, so let's hope that they lost nothing on the way over here.
.After you have copied this into the notepad save as Update.Bat this will make sure it runs the command and update the files you will also have to run this when your server needs updating. When you first run it it should download about 4.5GB of files and this took me half an hour make sure you run it more then once to make sure you have everything.
Then they said there is an open mic tonight that is far different and more of a thrill than the one where we met. The thing is this place puts everyone's name in a hat and draws it like a lottery. The have enough acts that they only give you 10 minutes.
First I would like to thank Ed Winkle for forwarding me the 22 signs of economic Doom. I'd link to it but I figure the NSA guys have already seen it. That did not depress me in the least. Now... where is that bottle of vitamin d, not finding that perhaps a little more old number 7 in my coffee will help.
And the problem, for the dwellers in that world, is that that world is very, very small.
OMG - other medical guru
And so 10 years after graduation, there we were together again, the wedding anniversary turned class reunion. And as I looked around, so much has changed. But despite the different paths we went to, the different decisions we made, we were stilland will always beBAMC-4A. 4ever. Always.
But on Monday, I loaded the machine, turned it on, shut the utility door and set about making soup with Squirt. At one point I turned round to get some water from the sink...and squealed - water was flooding in under the door.
Look, its really nice, my wife said, and she was right. As you can see in the picture below, it has enough structure to allow it to stand unsupported, and a bright blue design with a splash of yellow and the word Yum! scrawled across that.
All over Europe I went with this coach. Italy was the favourite. A little place called Aosta, just the other side of the Mont Blanc tunnel. We used to often drive with others from the same company so travelled in convoy a lot of the time. Aosta was a stunning place for skiers and I certainly made the most of that!
all we can really say is thank you.
My Man
Whip all ingredients together until the soft-but-firm stage.
3  The Dreaded Bathroom Shot
We've sorrow enough in the natural way,
to increase taxation in its American colonies. In so far as the British felt obliged to justify this at all, they argued that the colonists were the ones who had benefited most from the victory, saved as they were from the undoubted horrors of French rule. But the one great advantage the colonists had hoped
I find it interesting looking at Gardenias and Orchids. Seeing the difference in thinkness from other flowers like Roses and Tulips.
Update: I lost. Or to be more accurate Noah chose me. Oh the love.
This weekend was a boys and girls weekend. My husband and son did camping with the Boy Scouts. My daughter and I had a girls weekend. My guys left on Friday, and returned home on Sunday. My son rode on the Boy Scout bus, while my husband drove the truck. Lucky for all of the scouts, our truck also serves as our storage for all of our camping equipment. The scouts had food, but did not arrange for anything to cook the food in. My husband pulled our all of our camping pots and pans for them to use. Our canopy was also put into use. My husband and son had a great time. They were tired when they returned home, but willing to go out as a family to walk around some stores.
If you have not seen the movie Avatar (which I find totally not acceptable and you must go out and see it right now) you may not understand--so, like I said...go see it!
Holly got a letter Friday with a long two-page questionnaire she's already returned, and she'll be in a jury pool for three weeks or so in April and May.
So know that with every door you knock on, truly, with every call you make, with every conversation you have, you have to remember that this could be the one that makes the difference  truly, every interaction, the first lady said. You could be the one who inspires that person to make their voice heard this November.
Chelveston or Raunds or Keyston
I created the template for the ice cream pint from the easy sounding process of "trial and error". It should be called "trial and nightmare" - round shapes (especially lids and bottoms) can be real pain to do from scratch.
-Thanks for reading my report-
One opportunity I had fall in my lap was a chance to talk to the infamous Fr. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., president of the University of Notre Dame, who just happened to be standing near some Notre Dame students and one of the huge signs that said, Fr. Jenkins, Free the N. D. 88, referring to the eighty-eight pro-lifers where were arrested at Notre Dame last spring while protesting the invitation of pro-abortion Barack Obama to receive a law degree and speak at the graduation exercises.
"The Promenade Dress.
Sarah Michelle Gellar started her acting career as a child with a recurring role on the daytime drama "All My Children" and made her transition to adult actress while starring on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
2 tsp pandan paste (see modifications)
Not for me the brilliant adventures, the flying-carpet view,
2010.09.06 Pakistan Quetta 1 0 The body of a lawyer is found riddled with bullets six weeks after his abduction.
I was a closer. When I already had a party of 11 and a party of 8 and two other tables...we just got sat with two more tables and I was told that a specific table had requested me. I went over, did my thing...people got wine and drinks...got their salads/soup out quickly, cleared it, entrees went down perfectly. They commented specifically that everything was perfect (which NEVER happens for them!). I had my manager run out some A1 sauce/dressing for them. Everything still seemed great. They got another bottle of wine (for which I even got a decanter the first time) and round 2 drinks. Somewhere after this, I guess they lacked some water at some point and one of the guys decided to get a drink for himself at the bar. Later on he got another drink for himself while I was standing there AT THE TABLE. I assumed he had a reason for doing this. Like...he's an alcoholic (drink 4 btw). Boxed up food, brought them their free pastas (it's a special/promotion thing), cleared the table.... Check had been dropped earlier.
Here are two examples using the character with the above mentioned belief:
Councils borrowing billions
DOEs stated goalto clean up all weapons sites within 30 yearsis unfounded because it is not based on meaningful estimates of work to be done, the level of cleanup to be accomplished, or the availability of technologies to achieve certain cleanup levels. Neither DOE nor any other agency has been able to prepare reliable cost estimates for the total cleanup. (Box A, pg. 7).
Any wise person would insist that our society needs to learn how to accept death as a part of life. I think of Kim, and her grace and honesty as her own death approached, and I understand this now in a way that I did not before. While I am in great health now, I know also that I am here on loan, and by the same grace she was. What Kim taught me, in the way she lived before she was sick, and the way she remained herself afterwards, was to embrace and to be and to love. To cherish those many, many connections that make us feel life all the more deeply. And writing these letters is a way for me to express that in some way.
Due to the elasticity of the mothers vaginal tissues, the uterus muscles are more relaxed which results into a gentle and stress free birth.
I had anxiously counted down the days until that Friday, ecstatic that I had finally been given a chance to live out my dream. But no matter how much I reveled the thought, I still dreaded actually doing it. There was no turning back now because that day had finally come.
The conductor handed me back 250 bucks and a receipt that said 178 rupees for one article, three pieces of luggage. I looked at the receipt and then at him, hed kept a 72 rupee tip for himself and I was in no mood to argue so I let it be. Thanks, I said. Keep the receipt safe, he replied, walking away. The cycle was safe in the hold of the bus, underneath the seats. We were pulling out of Panjim and Id be back in Bangalore tomorrow morning.
The above activities; Wintery Scenes, Dressing Up the Children and the Snowman Counting Game are all great for Fine Motor Development. In addition, this month we explored with Shaving Cream! After a few squirts of it on a table, the children drew circles/designs with their fingers and practiced scraping it off with a small windshield scrapper. We talked about how the Shaving Cream was white just like snow.
Make a cup of tea or grab a glass of red -
Midnight or Midnight PM $1/1 - expires 5/31/2011
We will pick what we think are the Top 5 cards and we will also pick one card to be the Winner!
Her big birthday bash was great, awesome food as you can imagine. For some strange reason she got enough bottles of wine that she could open her own tacky dark wine cellar to lure 12 year old boys (or did you miss that blog?). FYI-she only drinks white so she will be re-gifting a lot of the extra reds. Me please!! And yes, I did see her add ice a few times but it is Arizona and chilled wine does not stay frosty long. The birthday party was a big occasion in Tuna town. She even went out clothes shopping which she hates to find "clothes that
No I love you, you
Will you join me and walk with Him?
"Amoco, usually," I replied.
What a fabulous redesign! It's just perfect.How can you now have a great time out there, what with fielding inane questions from the kids?
My reward is feedback from readers. It doesnt come often, in the form of written feedback, but Ive been lucky enough to have a couple of letters from complete strangers whove read The Cowards Tale - and the fact that they have been moved to write and tell me how much theyve loved it, is
R - Im not a complete Luddite, Howard. I know how to press a button!
He was shot once in the thigh and twice in the abdomen in the stand-off with the two men, who held a gun to his head at about 7am yesterday as he was unloading crates of bread from a bakery van outside his store.
I didn't add an inside sentiment because I thought this could be a good wedding or Valentine's Day card but, I did make the inside match the front, with the border punch. Although rarely done, not one Cricut cut used on this one!!!
and i know it was Mother's Day yesterday.. yeah, we celebrated mom's and i got her a beautiful bouquet of red roses with a white one in the very middle of it.. and she loved it for real :)
Negative growth is, at best, a feeble euphemism which fools no-one, and at worst an insult to those who can no longer afford to buy food in Athens.
So what he actually wanted was two separate bills,as discussed previously.
And side by side on the ebbing tide
Ripping and rewrapping mink and shiny silver fox, now legwarmers
Overall, this research suggests that although less religious people tend to be less trusted in the U.S., when feeling compassionate, they may actually be more inclined to help their fellow citizens than more religious people, Willer said.
I have been having a hard time sticking to the agreement with Daughter #1. We finally came to the compromise that I could do other planning during the day. That helps a lot.
So, there's a two hour late start here due to icy/snowy weather. Two hours, dropped in my lap like a "just because" gift from Mother Nature and Old Man Winter (aww, you shouldn't have, guys!). What's a woman to do? Laundry? Read? Go back to bed? No. Today is your lucky day, lovelies. TODAY I SHALL BLOG.
Using her passion and unceasing motivation she established her own night (Sub-Woofah) in the underground Manchester scene and was an instant success. Now her night is ready to make a move down south!
Not surprisingly, Katy Perry most happily jumps onto this bacchanal bandwagon. After all, her first major hit I Kissed a Girl more than foreshadowed this trend. In that song, Perry implied that sexual desire between women need not be taken more seriously than bar flirtations and pillow fights. It was fun, the melody told us, for women to kiss each other as an experimental game as long as there was a boyfriend waiting in the wings. Of course, a stiff cocktail got things rolling as the first stanza informs us, This was never the way I planned/Not my intention/I got so brave, drink in hand/Lost my discretion.
Clarke added, I felt like he was trying to break my neck.
There is a reason most groups who become cult favorites never make it in the mainstream: a weak link is somewhere in the chain. Either they are good musicians but dont have the songs, or have the songs but maybe a terrible singer who just happens to own all the amps and a van to drive everybody around to the gigs. Kaks sole album was released in 1968 on Epic. All the trademark sounds of the day are in place: buzzing guitars and cosmic lyrics, and some nice vocal arrangements with a Donovanesque feel on a couple of numbers. HCO 97658 opens things with a classic sounding 1968 guitar lead, and is followed by Everythings Changing, another up tempo blast that lets you know this will be a guitar dominated LP. I hear a faint resemblance to The Buffalo Springfield on Disbelievin; Lemonade Kid sounds like Jerry Garcia circa Dark Star. Overall, this is a solid period release which comes closest to sounding like Moby Grape through its guitar/multi-vocal approach, and one indication why they didnt make it. Kak disbanded before getting off the ground, having only played a handful of live shows before packing it in. In those days, your NEXT band was the one that would conquer the world. Singer/guitarist Gary Lee Yoders next stop was a post-heavy Blue Cheer. On the current Cheer web site Kak is dismissed as a poor mans Moby Grape, but thats a little unfair. Sure, they sound a bit like The Grape, but I dont care if a band sounds like someone else, as long as the material is good, and Kak in my opinion were a good band. The next time I see Dickie Peterson (B.Cheer leader) I will ask him what the bad blood is all about. Maybe Yoder gave him a bad count on some shared weed they purchased; whatever happened must have been a heavy scene for it to linger on for the last forty years.
We have been training now since Christmas, mainly alone but on occasions all together.
I think there may be lots of myself hidden in the character of Ella. When I wrote this book I was caring for my father, who was diagnosed and suffering with Lewy Body Dementia, and I was still recovering from the recent death of my mother. Ellas feelings about her mothers death reflect a lot of my own grief process.
A couple of Saturdays ago, I made a quick visit to the Ferry Buildings Farmers Market where I procured the makings of a slaw (watermelon radish, green cabbage, scallions, serranos, and cilantro).
Ere departing fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
Whats your greatest weakness? Its an obnoxious question but youll hear it on the majority of job interviews in your life, and there are many others where it came from. (Theres plenty of debate on how to answer this question. Ive always found the best strategy is to pick a skill you are actually bad at that sounds relevant to the job but really isnt. Then you come across as honest but your weakness wont hurt you.) You have to answer the questions if you want to get the job, so there are two things you want to do: understand the motivation behind the questions and prepare your answers in advance. Understanding the motivation is generally as simple as putting yourself in the companys shoes. Why would they want to know your greatest weakness? Probably more to know how you respond to a question that asks you to be vulnerable than to actually find out where you can improve. They may also ask because they want to know if you can realistically gauge your abilities accurately. Once you consider the motivation behind these common questions itll be easier to tailor the answers you want to give. You dont want to script them out and memorize them in advance, of course, but developing a list of sound bites can help you go in prepared while still being able to provide natural responses.
Stay tuned for Phase 2
The following weekend features the second half of the Kanto Regional University Championships and the second round of regional corporate track championships, with the East Japan region weighing in as the toughest at the corporate level. Look also for the second edition of the Gifu Seiryu Half Marathon, where Mathathi and Kawauchi return as the top invited men. Overseas, with support from JRN Suehiro Ishikawa and Takahiro Yamanaka, teammates of 10000 m world champion Ibrahim Jeilan at Honda, will run the Great Manchester Run 10 km along with the likes Haile Gebrselassie (Ethiopia) and Patrick Makau (Kenya).
Well of course the government isnt going to make it all better  the government is the problem. But that conclusion is a still a step(or more) too far for most people yet.
Boulder Beer
There was an episode of Ally McBeal once in which, at the beginning, Ally is caught by a co-worker buying some sort of prophylactic. The rest of the episode is comprised of the office speculating about why she might be buying prophylactics, and with whom she might be using them. She explains to a friend at the end of the episode that when you buy a lottery ticket, you have no intention of winning the lottery. Yes, technically someone does win the lottery, each and every time, but the odds are so astronomical that you'd have to be delusional to think that you would win. But you buy it anyway, because it just feels good to act as if you have hope. She bought the prophylactic because it was her lottery ticket. In that vein, I'm going to buy a bottle each of red wine, white wine, and, I don't know, vodka (and some cranberry juice or something to go with it). You know, just in case someone happens to want a drink. It'll be my lottery ticket. *crosses fingers*
That being said, sometimes you have hard and fast requirements and your stakeholders truly dont understand what theyre asking for. For example, one of my prior companies went through a rebranding process where we renamed the company and they wanted everything with the old name to be renamed. Of course, our internal AD domain was xyz.prv. You CAN technically rename a Windows domain, but who have you ever run into who thought that was a good idea?
I have been playing around in my art journal some more this week--as well as working on my transfers. I wanted to try to doing a double transfer--with layering two images on top of each other. I decided to work on a vintage game card from the game "Sorry." I liked the fact that the card was coated so I didn't have to lay down a pre-coat of gel medium.
Step 4: Place a black shimmery color in the outer v and then blend out.
So the Dead Sea. Super awesome. Except it BURNS your eyes and well, other things too. Scratches you didnt even know you had. And if you ever go, whatever you do, DO NOT get a drop of it in your mouth.
To quote Frank Valli and the Four Seasons, Oh what a night.. Vince Vaughn on the glass, Jeremy Roenick all choked up and misty eyed, Duncan Keith toothless, Patrick Kane with the game winning goal; Chicago Blackhawks win the Stanley Cup!!! Finally Eric Fergusson can shave his beard and Kathy Hart can shave her armpits (of Chicagos WTMX Eric & Kathy fame). The only thing better would have been to win it at home.
Now, in the modern era the gaming industry makes more money than Hollywood - article is here. Yes, you read that right - the gaming industry makes more money than our movies, with Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and other assorted idiots.
And knowing that the future would be vexed
Anyways, please help!
Because of its striking appearance, Liatris gracilis is extremely popular to use in bouquets and floral arrangements. The slender gayfeather also produces nectar to attract butterflies, and for this reason they are common in butterfly gardens. Why not try growing one too?
Are you in love with me?
So given this reality of diminished institutional interest in providing public access to arta situation that contributes to a lack of public understanding of all the diverse ways art can be valued emotionally, intellectually, socially and spirituallyperhaps it is little surprise, ultimately, that questions like the one heading this missive are of increasing interest. After all, when people are given no other ways to value art, money is an easy (and sometimes the sole) metric left standing.
A note on the title of this post
I felt incredibly lucky to be there at all - reservations had filled up quickly mere minutes after word spread about the event. By the time I called them at pretty close to the crack of dawn that day, there was already a waitlist of 72 people ahead of me.
You can decorate it with some lovely items from nature. You can add a small fish tank.
Not only did she WOW the judges with how she implemented the Razberry Dazzle color scheme into her layout but she also amazed them at how much of a C.S.D. Sweetheart she truly is. She's rocking the C.S.D. Link Badge, she made sure to leave a working C.S.D. link in her blog posting and she didn't forget to mention our June sponsor. All power to you Mo!
I thought the following Brisbane event might interest the romance writers and novelists out there.
1) Click on the title of the post you'd like to comment about.
Mr. Dahl: "No"
If you enter Tagged.com and/or Tagged.inc in Google followed by "spam" you'll get many more websites and blogs complaining about Tagged." (courtesy of yahoo answers)
*Last weekend, we were at Bridgewater State College for a huge YMCA swim meet. I took videos of B (who swam extremely well, thanks for asking), but I also found myself loving this coach from another team. He kept many of us entertained when our swimmers were not in the pool. So, I took a video of him and added a little music....
Green bean casserole, from the kitchen of someone who likes food, is really delicious and something to look forward to. This one will give you something that looks and smells like the aftermath of a nuclear incident nearby a tiny alien logging operation, the crispy, spidery remains of the workers floating atop a slippery grey mill-pond filled with partially submerged green logs.
@@@ Ive always thought Regina Spektor was more hype than substance so I was surprised by this single off her upcoming album. Her vocal performance on this tune is really stylish. Her phrasing has some bounce to it and shes sounds looser than on previous outings. The arrangement is also pretty hip.
That's how you appreciate something-- you want it to happen. Now you know
Him: No really youre beautiful, from head to toe.
But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart. (Luke 2: 1-19, King James Version)
Forrest
25. The official religion of Scotland is Presbyterian, with churches traditionally being called kirks.
Of course I was a huge fan of the first album and thought that it was so ironic that Nas' collection of unreleased music was almost as impressive as any retail LP he ever dropped....I'm not exactly sure what we're in for this go round' partially b/c I'm pretty sure I've heard just about every Nas record, released or otherwise there is...Either way, gettin some of the longtime unreleased fav.'s in good listening condition won't be anything I'll complain about.
1) Except for a Memorial Day Weekend blogging hiatus, keep all my writing routines -- Daily Writing Chain (aka Seinfeld Chain), blogging schedule, etc. - Well, no interruptions so far.
Why do men take offence if you turn them down?
Start a course  any course  by reading and talking about how learning occurs, and what it means. Use the discussion of the actual meaning of learning as the common denominator, the obligatory entre.
Golden City Brewery Oatmeal Stout
I was at work today, wondering about what I was going to post for the coming week. I thought about possibly making a journal of my job at the Movie Theater (called 'The Popcorn Diaries.") but I said 'fuck it' and decided to tak about porn.
myself to say otherwise, she
Mix lemonade concentrate and powdered sugar.
Whats worse is that I watch it. Stop it, you stupid crow. Youre gross. Well, except for the fact that crows are not stupid. Far from it. They are very intelligent birds. They are supposedly one of the most intelligent animals on Earth. They shouldnt have to depend on road carnage for their meal. I know they are smart enough to fool people to feed them. Case in point: The Hardees drive through. During the cold, snowy winter we are having, the crows are gathering at fast food drive -throughs. And this makes animal lovers feel badly. Poor birds. They are starving. I think I shall buy them a biscuit. Well, maybe two. A car in front of me did that several weeks ago, so I followed suit. These crows know what to do. We both pulled over, tore the biscuit in little pieces, threw it out the window, waved at each other, and off we went. I felt really good. If it keeps one crow off the gut-spewed road, I have done my job as an animal lover.
The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
Do you believe in fairies? Pixies? (Just in case, Im clapping VERY LOUDLY so that I cant hear your answer.)
Mmmmmm, good food, good friends, the perfect combination!
So just who is this one the General Confession calls most merciful Father? How ready is He to hear and respond with pity to a true confession?
His love will never change
Oooh, you need to get married/buy a house/start a family/make x amount of money by 30.
Hosea 4:6 (NIV)
a pebble
Gauged from 19.
That the film eventually provides a supernatural explanation for all these odd occurrences and acts of violence does little to resolve anything. Argento is so good at whipping up an atmosphere of edgy, all-encompassing dread that harnessing this aimless terror to concrete causes is somehow unconvincing. The film never seems to be actually about a coven of evil witches who run a ballet school, even though that's a fair description of its plot. Suspiria is rarely constrained or dominated by its plot; at times it seems almost plotless, more of a mood than a story. That's what makes it so affecting, so unsettling. In typical horror movie fashion, it wraps everything up in the end, driving the protagonist towards a confrontation with the evil lurking within the school. But the operatic excesses and flashy violence of this denouement do nothing to ease the sense of unmotivated fear roused by the union of Argento's visuals and Goblin's music. In the final scene, Suzy grins with relief as she rushes out into the rain, mirroring the stormy opening scenes, but the unease generated by the film lingers well past its supposedly happy resolution.
B. Jesus told them that they were go make other disciples.
Zishaan ZuZu Shafi
My friend, June is going with me and SHE's NOT EVEN TAKING CLASSES but she says she has her luggage jam packed with romance novels and ready to relax....what a great friend.
worked my middle finger under a soft elastic I would never
"Ever wondered why this magazine is quite so brilliant? Well, Ive just scanned it with the sonic and guess what? The whole thing is made out of psychic paper! It knows exactly what you want to read, and makes it appear before your eyes!"
Next, the Vanzandt family:
08/06/2010 BUY 0.01 usdjpy 85.45 08/10/2010 85.93 +5.59
So, this week I'll be playing with my latest off the wall, fanciful, daft idea. It's quite exciting. There might be unicorns!
And, instead of apprehension and tension as they approach adolescence, I am in awe of the people they are, and of who they are becoming. Rather than power struggles and battles and resentments building over time, we have a relationship built upon cooperation and respect, and two children who are growing in their ability to consider others, and two parents who are learning to do the same...
Being a Mommy is an amazing gift and privilege.
I've been thinking lately how much more "living" we are doing in our house compared to before we had Reid. I feel like our house used to just be where Chris and I would meet up at the end of our long days. As pitiful as it is, we hardly even ate dinner at our house together. We were hardly ever there. I would usually stay at work until 7 or 8, Chris would usually stay at work until 10 or 11 (the years when he wasn't traveling all week), and our house was just our house. Now, I feel like it is our home, and I love that. Now we have cheerios on the floor, toys EVERYWHERE, and I am actually using the kitchen! It's not always spic and span, but I kind of love that. It means we are living in our home and not just sleeping there. I feel like Reid loves being at home too. He doesn't ever want to leave the house (which can be kind of frustrating), but I'm so glad he is happiest when we are home. I hope he always feels this way! :)
When we get caught up in the pie-in-the-sky syndrome and believe that everyone should maintain a basic sense of equilibrium for our benefit so that we can be okay, thats quite a delusion to maintain. People will change and we will as well. That last statement really makes me think about how we find one moment of exquisite pleasure and peace in which no problems seem to be on any horizon and we feel happy and then we spend our life chasing that moment. This, I believe, is what causes people to turn to marijuana, alcohol and/or other drugsthey are seeking to reproduce that carefree state albeit in an artificial way. Joyful intoxication can be used as an exercise to learn to discriminate the true inner reality from outer delusions! I can see that as the only benefit.
And of course to get another chance to read my work which I love to do more than almost anything else in the world.
Now I mentioned earlier that I was amazed at the knowledge these little five year-olds have managed to gain in their short little lives, here's a little example of what I was talking about...
So the idea of writing a book came to be. Though, I will be sharing some of my experiences here (like I always do). Hence, the title of this post.
Definitely suggest a smock as acrylic paints stain pretty well. I have to note this was not a favorite project of mine. The soda bottle's edges are sharp and a parent definitely needs to do the cutting and assembly, so I didn't feel it was kid centered enough. :-(
Final Thought
If there is not a local store you are able to shop at, mail order is the next best thing. For that reason, Im 100% behind all catholic retailers. But youve got to support your local shop, because they do a work the mail-order folks cant do. Mine:
I am a born traveler. I am convinced that even if I did not start now, I would have found my calling later on. I love travel for many different reasons and clearly the endless possibility for adventure has stolen my heart. It is in the still moments, the mundane, the tram rides, the nighttime walks home, the laughs shared with my housemates, and even times when I am so frustrated that all I can do is turn on music and dance that I really appreciate travel and change.
This is the way I make the bed because this is where he will sleep.
Why are the governments in Israel embarrassed to be patriotic, as they refrain from officially annexing all of Yehuda, Shomron and the Golan to the Medinah at large?
www.indrasgrace.com
Both Mitch and Rob were heartbroken.
a shriek.
It's a dark horror comedy--think Shawn of the Dead meets The Hangover--with a few glimmers of sexual politics. Thankfully, the filmmakers don't use this movie as a soapbox, and so while we may be given a few comments, we're never given full-on commentary. There are moments that could be viewed as misogynistic, but they are (slightly) tempered with moments that are anti-misogynistic, so nobody should get too upset about it. Besides, it's just a movie, for Pete's sake. Sit back and enjoy the ride. Or turn the thing off.
Hang on the Box  Asshole, Im Not Your Baby
But maybe the answer is not somewhere out in the future distance; maybe the answer is one we already had, but somehow threw away. Maybe, as we as a nation try to make things better, the answer is hidden off somewhere, locked in storage, waiting to be retrieved.
I know I will continue to overuse them. But let it be known, I know that I do. I just can't help it. It is like a nail biting or smoking habit, one you know you should give up, but they just give you too much joy.
You've whittled down your gift buying list to a manageable size, and you know exactly what you're going to get for the people left on the list.
However, he isnt too happy with the way the fashion industry is set up here in Canada. With the lack of government funding, he feels that he is treated like a retail employee whereas if you go to Europe, designers are treated like doctors.
Speed: 100/100
Shalimar was created in 1921 by Jacques Guerlain, and had been a classic and a reference in the world of perfumery. It's a beautiful amber oriental (one of the first one to include lots of vanillin), with bergamot, jasmine, rose, incense, tonka and vanilla. However, it is daring and, since it's been around for a while, will probably remind you of someone older you have encountered in your life (for me, that would be my french aunt. She now wears Mitsouko.)
Orchestral Fireworks  2:30 p.m.  Kleinhans Music Hall
To Dr.Hessler, I want to specifically express how great it was to meet you, and how youre nothing like all of the terrible stories Professor Woodworth tells us. You dont look remotely like a balrog. My biggest regret is that we werent able to spend more time with you and your students. Thats likely the only thing I wouldve changed. Perhaps next time.
So, in my opinion, Blizzard favored one faction over the other. The developers liked the Alliance side more than the Horde and unconsciously favored them with game development. I do think they strived to equalize it. But as I no longer play I can not tell you if they succeeded.
The Riviera Organ Preservation Society presents Ken Double at the Mighty Wurlitzer with special guest, Skip Stine on trumpet
Anyways, my back spasmed, then my roommate who had been silent began to snore, and then I felt the urge to go to the bathroom.
He was arrested in May last year as he attempted to seek asylum at the German embassy following a crackdown on Christians within Afghanistan.
It seems that these huge rats started appearing in the Florida Keys between 1999 and 2001 after some really bright exotic animal breeder released 8 of them into the wild. Im sure he really did not want to part with them, but, due to the economy and the rising cost of cheese, he had no other choice. My guess anyhow.
Boy this one is slow going.
and powerful!)
If youve gotten this far and have your heightmap in the game, congratulations. Youre one of the selected few. You are Dragonborn. But then youll want to add distant land to this as well, because all you see at this point is the near vicinity of your character. read the pages on CreationKit.com about how to generate distant land. The descriptions there are pretty good and to the point.
Director: Steven Soderbergh
Susanne Bier, as the director, needs to be complimented for the superb convincing performances she has elicited first from Mikael Persbrandt, as the surgeon and father of the one of the boys, and then the two boys Elias (Markus Rygaard) and Christian (William Nielsen) that recall similar performances of young actors in certain films of Franois Truffaut and Louis Malle. Bier needs to be eqully complimented for her choice of locations that add to the veracity of the tale.
ES Feminine Plural
My home, with you
And cut. Thats a wrap ladies and gentlemen so wrap it up and Ill have it to go. On the go on the go going to be gone on the go kind of going. Now we spoon?
This is about Protection of Children from Sexual Offence Bill (2011). This bill has already been approved by the Cabinet and now has been sent to the Rajya Sabha for the final debate. If passed it will become a Law. A law that makes sex below 18 years of age a punishable crime. And this law will be applicable to both, boys and girls. When it was first tabled it had a provision for consensual sexual activity between the ages of 16 and 18, but now that has been dropped, criminalizing teenage sex. The motive of this Law is supposedly to prevent sexual exploitation or abuse of minors. But come to think of it, will it really do that? Im not an expert in Law nor do I understand much about law making. What I say here are my thoughts as a lay person who reads the daily newspaper.
disappearing
What Richie and Frank have in common is that they are both unbelievably determined and stubborn when set on a course. Neither has much use for the counsel of others either. Both are supremely confident in their own version of the world. In this case, that's exactly what's required to bring down Frank, as a good cop without Richie's stubborn streak would likely have given up long before getting close. Both men also play their cards close to the vest. Richie doesn't give us any exposition to explain why he is how he is. The only hint we get from Frank about his own ruthlessness is his story about cops brutalizing his cousin, and even that is only given in hopes of intimidating Richie. Neither man has much use for playing victim.
First, I want to let my mom know not to cry, there is no reason to cry, everybody dies. Everybody has their time, dont worry about me. Im strong. To my family: my old man, my kids, daddy is sorry. I love each and every one of you. Ill be looking for you. To my wife, I love you. The last two years have been the best. All my kids, mom, nieces, and nephews, I am proud of all of yall. I love each and every one of yall. I really love yall.
who read my words
- She is about 34 lbs which is in the 95th percentile. I can't remember what her height was but I know it was in the 75th percentile. The doctor told me I am supposed to really crack down on her diet because her BMI is a little too high and we have a family history of diabetes. I almost cried right there in the doctor's office. She is really active and I was always so happy that she was such a good eater. I was shocked to have the doctor tell me that, because up until now her doctors always acted like if was a good thing that she was packing on the pounds. So we are trying to be really careful about not having too many snacks during the day.
Live each day as if it were the last day of your life, because so far, it is-
Accessories is still early in its repositioning, though it achieved some well-received first-quarter brand launches, according to ShopNBC.
400m Sprint (This is not gospel dear readerFind a distance where you ACTUALLY Sprint the whole way!?!)
continue to grope in life.
In the commotion the stolen car zoomed away, never to be seen again. One police officer was slightly injured but thank goodness no one was standing near the window upstairs. More details at Carroll Gardens Patch
Over on Locus Online, they've announced this year's inductees into the Science Fiction Hall of Fame. The 2012 honorees are Joe Haldeman, James Tiptree, Jr., James Cameron, and Virgil Finlay.
Poovey, however, who knew Facts as well as anyone, said Facts' demise is undoubtedly factual.
I ordered my favorite hazelnut machiato. Last time I had an espresso was either in Gaia Ristorante (sheung wan) or Kenon Cafe (wan chai) a year ago. The espresso in Kenon was nice. I remembered myself indulged into the tiny cup of espresso. When I think of it I should go back to Kenon and visit them when im free, support the Italian!!
The storm follows an earlier, weaker solar eruption that happened Sunday, Kunches said.
A teacher's nightmare,
On the other hand, it doesnt matter where an accusation comes from, the IDF must take a look at it. The IDF must look into every story from BTselem, every story from Machsom Watch, every story from Amnesty International. Not because I rely on them. I dont. But you dont have to rely on them to do your work properly. Look into every story. Theres a tiny, microscopic proportion that has some basis, so look, check, find out..
Viviana
Hafiz, again, by Ladinsky. That wonderful rule of three crescendo to climax. There is sweetness in married, it means being one flesh; then lovers is more solely Wonderful; but give each other light goes so much further, expressing the spiritual aspect of carnal love.
Lets just refer to this as design mash-up, noting that it does work best when following a few key principles.
(Bernama)
Many people who lost their jobs in the 1930s still made their debt payments, as long as they had an incentive to do. Today homeowners with negative equity have little financial incentive to make their payments. By focusing so much on affordability, the Obama adminstrations latest policies do little to prevent strategic default, and should not be expected to alleviate the foreclosure crisis.
The scales are about the same but who cares....I probably could have got down a fair bit this week. I am not enjoying my food as after a few bites it usually feels stuck and that takes away the joy of the food.....it kinda all tastes stuck now and I so miss my vegies too....I mean a few bites of protein and I am done.
So, I ask the complaint guy: what happened when I sent that SMS to 9090?
* Leave a comment on this blog post (+ 1 point)
13. Little Woman Love
and why I so strongly feel the need to be with them again through mind or travel.
We did the games, then had the opening exercises, then talked about the chores, then made the chore chart, then had snacks. I chatted with Lane's mom after the meeting, and finally gathered up all of our stuff, gathered up the kids, and headed home. I had to stop and get some gas on the way home, though. We were running on an empty light. That's my sign to get more gas. hehe.
We had been there about 2 hours and things were going fine.
Lets just look at a few of the major Islamic indicators:
And, therefore, I feel its my duty to do an intervention. For those of you still deluding yourselves, who still cant face reality I suggest therapy or better yet maybe pick up a copy of Hes just Not That Into You.
At the age of 28, a run of good injury free form could see the ex-Everton man give the green half of Glasgow a timely boost in the title race.
Used her feathered wings
In Quatro, "commanders" didn't beat prisoners, they "corrected" them; this was the way the propaganda went. A prisoner received a "corrective measure".
Please, please, please help support this amazing show.
exactly precise - I am trying to kick a few of my Type-A tendencies :o)
6. Yesterdays
the Middlest was horrified & told me to go back to my blues & greens!
Tah-dah!
Well, let me see here. He said slowly. It was in nineteen eighty-three, as I remember it. Yes, nineteen eighty three was when they first came. He then sat up and opened his eyes, staring into the fire. He never once looked at me through his entire story, until the very end. And this is how it went.
Jennie
Tom: Another super hero movie? Avengers, hmm. Sketchers ad, love that high jumpin' doggie. Brady continues to move the chains. Time out.
We dont know yet if Rachel and the Bird will have a rematch at Belmont in 3 weeks. The last filly to win that one was Rags to Riches in 2007.
b) Photos must be Full Permission.
World Bank Logistics Performance Index
MULTICULTURAL NARRATIVE HORIZONS
1 teaspoon pepper
The youngest of a family of eight who all died in the disaster, Sidney Goodwin was a third-class passenger traveling with his parents and five siblings from England to New York on the Titanics maiden voyage.
Seen and heard from many people and friends around me in England (2008  ongoing)
And tonight
So there you have it, my first very unfamily friendly post. But I believe that as mothers, wives, sisters, daughters, and whatever else, that we should treat ourselves every once in awhile. Most of the time, we make sure that everybody else is taken care of, has what they need, and never go without. So now, take the time to treat yourself!! Take a look at EdenFantasys! They also have great massage kits, oils, candles, all kinds of not so out there products lol. Things that even I would be comfortable buying, and wouldnt be embarrassed if my child somehow found my stash lol. But again, I am trying to be more adventurous! Lets hope I succeed in this journey! ;0)
If you live in Karachi and have not planned anything for Mothers Day, try this: Head out to Hilal Park with your mum. Pack a picnic basket, find a shady spot and treat her to a pleasant Mothers Day picnic in one of Karachis most charming parks.
 Lespoin Mal Fait
But we have to get off here, said Kaoru, sadly. This is where you get off to go to Heaven.
We witnessed the latest episode in the struggle for the rights of medical cannabis users in the ever-complex land of the United States last week, as Federal agents raided the Oaksterdam University, a marijuana trade school and a nearby cannabis dispensary, both primarily operated by Richard Lee, medical marijuana activist.
I wish I were more into Valentine's day in terms of decorating, romantic stuff, etc., but I've never really embraced the "holiday" that much. Even so, I thought I'd post a few pics I came across that I just LOVE, and think they relate beautifully to this little Heart Day without being too predictable.
The picture does this toy no justice. First of all hes got two motors, both with speed settings, one for outside, one for inside.
and on the way back, we ended up at triple 8 with muralli and ghana. HAHAHA the pseudo alter bridge frontman and my gossip girl bitch :) i am NOT hooking you up.
am I dictating what anyone should do with their lives, rather, I would
I know Singaporeans now feel there are too many foreigners, but Singapore also need foreigners at the same time, he added.
Observe the horizontal line on this chart of 10-year borrowing costs in Greece, Ireland and Portugal. Its no magic number, but 8% seems to be the proverbial straw that breaks the camels back. As the arrow on the left shows, Greek authorities activated their bailout package on April 23, 2010, two days after 10-year yields crossed 8%. In Ireland, bond yields surpassed 8% on November 10, 2010, and Irish authorities activated their bailout the following week. Mark your calendar, because Portuguese yields made the treacherous crossing two days ago. The implication is that the continents third sovereign bailout in less than a year has become a near certainty.
Thanks for stopping by! I hope you're having a great holiday weekend.
Named a CCBC Choice for 2001;
Youre sorry
holds the land in its fierce embrace.
October 16  Eagles Ballroom, Milwaukee, WI
What: A discussion with special guest Jill Brenneman- child sex-trafficking survivor (and later, consenting adult sex worker), sexual assault crisis counselor, & advocate for harm reduction & sex work decriminalization with Sex Workers Without Borders
So that is one major, previously terrible room completely organized and super functional. Now the only problem is that everything else seems so unbelievably disorganized in comparison. I see more Container Store trips in my future!
But useless by the next-
There are numerous mentions of live sacrifices in ancient Hinduism. The most valuable one was of course the human sacrifice, the purusha-medha. Whoever commissioned this and paid the Brahmin priests to perform it was said to be as divine as the Prajapati, a name for the Creator. The most common offering was the goat. The following excerpt from the Brahmanas as translated by Klaus Klostermaier explains: When the devas had killed a man for their sacrifice, that part of him which was fit to be made an offering went out and entered a horse. Thence the horse became an animal fit to be sacrificed. From the horse it went into the ox, from there into the goat. In the goat it remained for the longest time, therefore the goat is best fitted for sacrifice.
The philosophy of mind community acknowledged the problem of consciousness in the 1970s and 80s through some seminal work by Ned Block, Frank Jackson, Saul Kripke, Thomas Nagel, John Searle and others. Prior to Chalmers the mysterians such as Colin McGinn had argued for a kind of epistemological (or property) dualism (we must concede that consciousness cannot be incorporated into physical science, but maybe we can concede this without giving up materialism). But Chalmers sporting brief for metaphysical dualism represents a kind of apotheosis for the problem.
I found this little comic shared by one of my native friends from South Dakota.
these band members created their own rules in the studio
As he grew up, he proved to be quite the intelligent little chap. He spoke at 10 months old, read at 3, memorized EVERYTHINGespecially Disney movies. We knew he had a special talent and we were right. My favorite story was the time when he was 3, just a little thing, and we approached the Childrens Librarian and I told her that Gavin could read. She looked at me with disdain and I said, Go ahead, pick any book! She promptly marched over to the book shelf, picked a book up and handed it to Gavin. Well, he picked up the book and without hesitation, read the whole thing out loud! She was so astonished, she took Gavin by the hand and marched him around, showing any co-workers she could find. That was a proud moment for me as a Mom. Today, I am a proud Mom of a Missionary, whose Son, uses his talent for the Glory of God, spreading the love of Jesus anywhere they let him.
2- My latest former boss.
There are few times in this blog where Ive felt the need to mention our accommodation. Mostly because its been standard hostels  some good, some not so good, some quite rubbish  and really its just not that interesting. Who really wants to know about the New York YMCA? Or Godzillas in Moscos? But I do feel compelled to mention the Barton Creek Outpost.
*TARDIS press mold from my carved luminary.
Jack Ponton complains of noise in rural environments. But these are hardly silent as any visiting townie who has been rudely awakened by cockerels or church bells will attest. It is the nature of the noise which is novel - and country bumpkins will soon become as accustomed to it as are urbanites to the sound of road and rail.
This was the prayer that I wrote as I prepared to leave Palos Heights, Illinois in January to live for four months in Montego Bay, Jamaica. It was based on two Psalms, 1 and 27.
When Jamila and the kids borrowed a French and/or Arabic-English dictionary the other night, the first word they decided to yell was: BLOW!
Next, we found an unpopulated area of the outdoor classroom and decided that we would use orange caution cones as targets. We put one right up close to us, one some ways off, and a third was already standing at a great distance from us, so we named it a target as well. There was some discussion about why taking turns was the right way to go, but ultimately decided that the only really dangerous aspect of throwing rocks was the prospect of hitting someone or breaking "glass things," so standing back and waiting our turns would be a good way to avoid that. Actually, those waiting chose to stand on the cedar rounds that line the sand pit.
Stand back. Yes, this is it, the place where the magic happens. If, by magic, you mean a staggering number of hours spent playing inane online games like Bejeweled Blitz (dont make me explain please), additional hours manipulating spreadsheets because then I can feel as if Ive accomplished something or time surfing the net and tweeting (Satans playground).
When Nikolas got home and logged onto his laptop, there was spam, a rather large group e-mail from his friends, and an e-mail from Leonard without a subject. He deleted the spam, read and laughed at his friends online antics and then clicked open Leonards e-mail. While it loaded, he put on music. Then his phone buzzed. It was a text message from Leonard.
New support for legislation that would repeal the Defense of Marriage Act assures that the necessary votes are in place for a favorable Senate committee vote on the measure as advocates maintain hearings should take place first before advancing the bill, the Washington Blade reports.
Of course there was some change, though not many of us still carry mercury head dimes. There were things to fix her hair, like combs, hairpins, ribbons, and hairnets. Buttons, safety pins, mirrors, key chains, pens, a ruler to measure things, and many pieces of paper.
But here's an interesting fact: I like me. I think I am pretty much awesome. And I think most people who take the time to look past my droopy 38C's enjoy having me as a friend. Yeah I wish I were thinner. I wish my thighs weren't so jiggly and I felt more comfortable in a sleeveless top. And I'm working on it. But I'm working on it for me. Not because I am worried about what anyone thinks. Despite my lack of perfections, I am happy with the person I see in the mirror. Because she is nice. She is funny and charming and compassionate and full of life.
Our first tour is the Paradizoo Theme Farm
Life guarantees us two things: change and loss, together they make up the unpredictable rhythm of life. They also exert tremendous pressure on the soul. All the losses in our lives are significant, and each has shaped our beliefs about life, God and the world around us, thats why its critical to recognize them, no matter how insignificant they may appear. Because most of us equate loss primarily with death, were unaware of how abstract losses like shattered dreams and unmet expectations can have serious long-range consequences on our hearts.
I read a comment from Cec Cinder PhD, the naturist writer, the other day where he talks of the hypocrisies of human society where we hold in high esteem the nudes of sculpture and painting enshrining them in museums and galleries and yet a naked body outside these places would be arrested.
How do you know its wine?
Ohhh Ohh Ohh
Finally, just as drinking a German beer can invoke a nostalgic experience, the same can be said about quaffing a rich American pale ale using all US grown ingredients. Its refreshing to look into that frosty mug, inhale the floral aroma, taste the citrusy freshness, and know that youre helping put a US hop farmers kid through college.
And so, that exciting spring day, when his actual personal history was beginning to morph into The Obama Narrative, quite unwittingly, Obama talked Truth.
Some incongruities spring cant heal.
FTC disclosure: I received a copy of this book from the publisher in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are my own.
BE KEPT BLAMELESS AT THE COMING
- We have been lucky enough play some really great shows and do some really rad tours. We did a tour with Propagandhi a while ago and getting to see them play every night ruled! We also got do to a few shows with Avail and they are one of my favorite bands.
4. Meanwhile, prepare the pork fat back. Blanch in boiling water for 1 to 2 minutes until firm. Drain and cool. Dice finely into pieces about the size of rice grains. Set aside.
March 23, 2012: Today only- TONI&GUY Facebook fans will get a FREE TIGI lipgloss of their choice with any cosmetic purchase over $25.
Thats not to say that outlining is the only way to write. There are plenty of people who are gifted at just jumping in the car and knowing instinctively where to go. There are also others who set out with no destination and just sort of drive around for a while, enjoying the ride. I admire these people, but I am not one of them. I need an outline, especially when it comes to the second draft. That was my biggest mistake with Learning to Lie: I wrote draft 1 with only a basic plot idea, and I learned a lot from it, but I didnt then stop and take the time to plan the whole series. I just planned the first one, and now Im going to have to rewrite a large part of that one once I finally figure out where its going long-term.
Khalas!
MMMMMMM.....so good! And perfect for a rainy day!
Then Thorkel the Wealthy spoke and said: This business that we have in hand is little worth. We will send and tell you as soon as we need your help.
Rice Tamale Pie: 9 servings, 7 ww pts per serving
Of hope within reach of you, itll forever stay
Pleased to meet you, hope you guess my name...
At Townhall, Katie Pavlich has an interesting post about Judicial Watch, an organization that wants to ensure the integrity of the upcoming election by preventing voter fraud. Its president, Tom Fitton, is concerned about possible voter fraud:
Eh. It's like a bock was mixed with a cheap Euro golden lager. Lighter in feel and taste than any bock should be, with more adjuncts than anything by the taste. Odd bitterness that shouldn't be there, and then it's gone except for the wet cardboard bitterness.
Ive often felt guilty over the lack of a stronger attachment to my father; so in a way, the fact that Ive been a bit weepy for the last 30 hours is a relief. Perhaps Im not a completely cold fish and unnatural daughter after all. Maybe theres hope for us.
Ants and their larvae are actually eaten by humans in different parts of the world. Not in my backyard, though. That's why we have traps.
First impressions: Fourteen pages. That's how long it took for this book to completely wow me. Cat Hellisen creates a beautifully unique world with full and vibrant characters that made it nearly impossible to put the book down.
Richard and Linda Thompson - I Want To See The Bright Lights Tonight - 1974
There may not be a strong coherence to this post, but I've had a lot on my mind this week and as a father of a daughter who is a junior in high school and looking at career choices to help her make her way in this world as she will be enrolled full-time in college during her senior year of high school. I'm just considering the country we live in, where it's headed, and what my daughter's life may be like in the future as she doesn't expect to be given life, liberty, and happiness, but instead exercises her unalienable rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness...
The National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa said the DA's decision amounted to "dastardly censorship"; that the DA was "Nazi-inspired" and the decision itself was "inspired by Nazi's propagandist Joseph Goebbels (sic)".
June 28  Minneapolis, MN  Palmers Bar
I want to lay down and die.
I cried for them both.
And many of her friends were already too far ahead to catch up to.
Bla bla bla fuckin blabadee bloo?
When the war started in September, 1939 the government advice was that central rooms were the safest in the event of bombs so my mother and I each had a single bed in the sitting room. I dont know where my father slept. Dad had a large desk in the sitting room. In one drawer he kept his cigarettes, Craven A or Black Cat. A year or two later I started to help him smoke them. He never seemed to miss the odd one or two. It must have been about this time that my only remaining friend from those days, Alan A. and I put our pocket money together to buy packets of five Wild Woodbines from a machine on a wall either in Broad Street not far from St. Johns Church or in the Thoroughfare. We would argue over who had the largest half of the spare cigarette. I kept watch while Alan did the dirty deed. I blame my father and Alan for putting me on to road to heavy smoking up to the age of seventy three or four and from which I still suffer! Alan gave up almost as soon as he started.
Don't forget to visit each of my co-hosts and enter
Just as Lisa Koll is the conferences most dominating athlete on the womens side, hurdler Ronnie Ash may be on the mens side. Ash leads the nation in the high hurdles at 13.31  his winning time here  and has five races under 13.60 this season.Only WR holder Dayron Robles and current world leader David Oliver have run faster this season. Ash should head into Eugene as one of the strongest favorites in the meet having won the title last year while at Bethune Cookman.
was working on last week......
- Adjustable textile strap and brown canvas lining
The day the democrats took over was not January 22nd 2009, it was actually January 3, 2007, the day the Democrats took over the House of Representatives and the Senate, at the very start of the 110th Congress.
But after eating this, I knew it would be unfair to not share this with you immediately. I already held on to the recipe for far too long after seeing it over here.
A beyond pissed off Canada.
to remit, much less fill or quell,
I LOVE these blue eyes!
The warehouses on Trent Lane were constructed of reinforced concrete and at the time they were proudly considered by the corporation to be among the best in the UK. With a total of 9 floors for loading and discharging materials such as timber, metal, chemicals and manufactured goods. These would be carried by barge to and from Hull, where any international trade could then be transferred onto ships. The 1937 Nottingham handbook proudly states that during the previous year over 230,000 tons had been carried on the Trent and that Nottingham had successfully created a major inland port, boasting "from Nottingham to the sea". Although this is somewhat less than the two or three million tons carried by an international port such as Hull, it is still quite an achievement for a landlocked city.
I made this cute cake for my son's preschool holiday party. I am honestly so proud of it, it took about 6 hours total and turned out just as I had imagined it. The top tier of the cake was chocolate, bottom was vanilla. I made the little snowmen out of modeling chocolate, which is a dream to work with. The snowflakes were cut out of fondant and dusted with luster dust (also completely awesome).
A. Corruption is Nigerias problem not bad leadership.
Don't forget to enter my candy link to the left :c)
The history of this Loop live bootleg is largely unknown. The quality of the recording is fantastic, and the performance is something else. Before I heard this Wolf Flow was my favourite Loop album, but they seem to crank everything up a bit in this performance. Its hectic and frantic they just about hold on to it.
(As a tribute to one of my favourite films - Galaxy Quest - I will say 'Minors not miners"! )
* Life of Fred has been a BIG hit in our home. I've been reading from the first books, Apples, which covers very basic maths, but I didn't want us to miss any of the fun bits and interesting tangents which make the series so appealing (Archimedes for example). I've also just started the 4th book, Dogs, with Elijah, for a bit more substance, but he will also listen in as I keep go through Butterflies and Cats with Jasmine.
And make up continues
IHRC chairman Massoud Shadjareh said of Al-Quds Day: This year, as in years past, we are seeing a broad range of people come together to stand shoulder to shoulder with the oppressed men, women and children of Palestine.
The latest volley from Norwich art-punks Fever Fever dials back the intensity for an overall more restrained affair. Whilst The Chair is a step forward in the songwriting department, it has nothing to do with the tunes restraint, but more with the bands melodic chops and ability to step out of their comfort zone.
White shirts led a face-off with protesters on the Brooklyn Bridge on Saturday afternoon. The episode provided no viral YouTube moments, as the senior officers avoided confrontations with the demonstrators. Yet as hundreds of arrests were made, chants of white shirts, white shirts could be heard. A white shirt is the antagonist in the demonstrations defining image: Deputy Inspector Anthony Bolognas dousing of some penned-in women with pepper spray on Sept. 24, which seemed to surprise at least one of the blue shirts standing near him. Martin Stolar, a member of the National Lawyers Guild representing protesters, said, It appears that it is white shirts that are directing the rough arrests.
PAIR OF NEW TVIEW T718DVPL-TAN HEADRESTS WITH 7 TFT CAR MONITORS BUILT IN + BUILT IN DVD/CD/MP3/DIVX PLAYER + BUILT IN FM MODULATOR + IR TRANSMITTER + USB INPUT AND SD CARD READER + 2 REMOTES + 2 YEAR WARRANTY
I know how tiring it must have been for my parents that Im always jumpy and screaming when insects get to close  but they always saved me (kind of a parents work I guess?).
I reluctantly got the book off the shelf.
Hello anyone out there! Hope you are all well. Some of my favourite blogger friends have left this scene as have I...mostly. Long time no blog. I swam and sang all winter. The seasons go round & round. The world has come alive and we are enjoying an unusual 29C sunny day!
Forgiveness is the final ingredient. Because even if we survive the plane crash, the abuse, the divorce; how do we leave it behind and not let the bad thing that happened to us define us? Speaking of divorce in particular for a moment, I have had to deal with this forgiveness issue. I was wronged by the one person I thought I could trust. I was also wronged by a woman who I loathe at the moment who encouraged my husband to leave me. He now has made this woman a part of my childrens lives and wants to start bringing her to their concerts where I would have to sit there with them. And I am struggling. I dont want that hurt to define me.
During the 1940's, Jack Cole created 400 to 500 one-page funny episodes that appeared in the pages of various Quality Comics titles. This is a major part of Cole's work in comics and deserves attention as such.
Two of their brands are due to be arriving soon, long before the airport's brewpub is set to open. In the coming days or weeks look for Gordon Biersch's Marzen and one of their rotating seasonal beers.
Enjoy your weekend! :)
Recipe for Salad Bar Vegetable Stir Fry:
Damascus 7, Poolesville 0
You shall be together when the white wings of death scatter your days.
Publishers need to be held accountable for their actions. It is time now for Aspen Mountain Press to pay what they owe.
I suppose it's because my son is fourteen - at least for another few weeks - and its a period in my life that I remember quite well, in parts.
30 E. Lake, Room 1105
SIX HOURS and there's a brand NEW layer upon everything.
I quickly corrected myself when I realized I was getting annoyed over my sons desire to give. I am amazed that I have such a thoughtful giving son. He has spent his week compiling To Give lists instead of the completely normal To Get list. He is more than willing to spend every penny he has in order to give the very best gift.
Me: You don't like?
Warren E. Buffetts secretary will continue to pay a higher tax rate than her billionaire boss
Selling Books on-line Workshop
Montalbano also finds himself getting involved in the plight of a young immigrant boy, which leads him into the murky world of illegal immigrant trafficking, and putting his plans for resignation on hold.
It takes a dog lover to give up so much time and comfort, and Hardy fits the profile.
UH gets the ball first and basically throws and runs all over the field like they have diarrehea. Get the BIG touchdown. While I spoon in a couple scoops of rice in my mouth (no homo), UCLA is already punting. UCLA 0, UH 7
You first have to know and believe you deserve to be there.
I woke up thinking about Nathan and Siberia and Sidney Reilly, the world's first modern spy and possible model for the James Bond character many years later (because even in sleep, my mind is obviously making strange connections). Reilly was about 11 years older than Nathan, but they were both sent to Siberia at the same time. What if they had known each other or their paths had crossed in a Siberian labor camp? But if not, they met the same fate. At least Nathan was returned home to die, whereas the final resting place of Reilly's remains is still disputed.
worked seven days straight
goddamn.
All in all, Erins story was well-written and very interesting. I definitely have a new appreciation for oyster farmers! This book would definitely be a great vacation read  just make sure you know where the nearest oyster bar is. Youll want to indulge in a few of these briny treats when you are finished.
Ensemble InterContemporain
Big bloody battles and heartfelt dialogue carry this story a long way. Julian Comstock is romantic and unflinchingly honest. With Julian Comstock the titular character Wilson has crafted his own Che Guevara, Ben Franklin, and Casey Jones all rolled into one. Even with the telling Julian is still something of a mystery, but his exploits are inventive and awe-inspiring as he holds true to his belief despite what might befall him. As Adam and Julian try to slip away from the noose that Deklan lays for them they unwittingly fall into the very trap as they are conscripted into the Army and taken to the front-lines and so the legend of Julian Comstock aka Julian Conquerer begins. Deklan Comstock the despot of a president remains a cloudy figure even when he takes center stage. A bit of missed opportunity was lost in not having a major interaction happened between Deklan and his wayward nephew Julian.
~ Rim each circle with some glitter glue. Allow it to dry before stacking the layers together. I applied a little bit of two-sided sticky tape between the layers and added the Bo Bunny Jewels and Trinkets to the center. Here are the finished blooms close-up....
But if you do like reading and weightlifting at the same time, then the Acer Iconia Tab A200 comes pre-loaded with the LumiRead ebook app, which supports ePub, PDF and TXT formats, and will catalogue your tomes for you.
Robert Burns
After a quick walk through of the campus, which included getting the required permission to shootI decided to focus on the plaque, which mentioned how the classroom block was built by Round Table India and Ladies Circle India. This was itI hadnt shot many plaques yet and maybe it was a good time to start nowget the perfect shot and run to the nearest ice cream stand. But after a few shots and various angles, I realized that the photograph lacked the spark! As I thought of running to the ice-cream stand, I saw a young girl, running towards a classno doubt, late for her afternoon lecture. Within seconds, I aligned my camera to take this picture, and this is what I needed! A life, an honesty or naughtiness of the girl running into her class.
Please leave a message or stop back after Jan 20. I will return your visit as soon as possible.
The critters still cost me over $200 this past weekend.
There has been a retro return to shirt dresses, shifts, and more defined lines that accentuate and flow over the body form. Fabrics are considerably more light and possess added movement with brighter splashes of daring and muted colors paired. Color blocking has been fun before and it is unquestionably fun yet again if you dont take pleasure in sporting floral prints. Neutral colors featuring a touch of pastel (think beige with a touch of pink or purple) are creating a mark for those who dont want to wear overly-dramatic colors. Hemlines are pleasing from the knee to slightly over the ankle. Jewelry is minimal where less is more. Platform shoes are playful and the materials feature floral patterns, fabrics, and cord or cork heels for daytime wear. Evening fashions for boots or shoes are imitation leathers in colors devoid of embossing (no crocodile patterns) with fabric accompaniments and ties or bows.
Now I do need to add this side note. Sarah is taking her 8th grade this year. She has two older brothers that went from K to 12 in the conventional school system. So needless to say I was GREEN!!!!
You know those people that are just not sweets people? They could have their pick of anything they want and they would chose a bag of chips and salsa? Those people that dont really care for chocolate or candy? They would rather eat an appetizer at a restaurant than get a dessert?
On top of all that, he also managed to release a solo EP, Back to the L.A.B. in 2010, six hard classic-sounding tracks from the Blastmaster. Fittingly, L.A.B. stands for Lyrical Ass Beating, and Kris delivers yet again. This one is definitely a standout among this recent run.
So after 18 months of being afraid, I have finally got my night walks back, all thanks to Archie. When the children are relatively settled and the kitchen is tidy, Archie and I slip out the front door, leaving Daddy in charge. We only ever walk for half an hour, but it's enough to shake his sillies out and to find my mojo again.
Deschutes loves this beer, as you can tell from their description:
First drafts suck. Without the ability to backspace and alter things, I noticed just how ickity pickity some things got. But I think that worked out well, its still a first draft, and I already know what I want to change and where the changes need to be made, which isnt something I usually do with typed works.
Night came, the drizzling dissipated and I cracked open the slider, allowing in cold night air. The living room was dark except for a Diptyque Baies candle dancing shadows on the wall. I poured myself a glass of dark red Zinfandel and sunk into my leather armchair.
Similarly in 2008 we got to vote on the option of a local Congestion Charge, which meant my parents wouldve had to cough up just to go to the local shops, and the organisers were quite surprised when northerners resoundingly told them, in ballot form, to buggar off.
Now click on the picture to get to the hundred pics photobucket slideshow. Some amazing pics by my friend Gonzalo and my girlfriend Stef. The tables looked great if a bit overcrowded (specially for my infantry heavy, medium based, snail speed parade) All the snowy walls and fences are from my collection, which made a great winter board with other peoples scenery.
After class, I met the American assistant from the other lycee for lunch. We grabbed some things from a boulangerie and went back to hers. It was nice and really hit the spot. I hadn't visited this boulangerie since I left. After some wonderful conversation, I trudged back to the lycee (I think I walk a lot on my little visits) to meet C. for his lunch. Glad I chose not to actually eat with him, because it was some kind of weird fish. But at least, we had plenty of time for a real conversation so we could catch up.
This "recipe" is more of a method, you can change out the fruit to whatever you like best. The yogurt is a must have for me - but feel free to use plain or vanilla or even another flavor if you prefer - but it really adds to the creamy smooth texture of the smoothie. I also always combine fruit juice and milk instead of just milk to add some extra flavor. Orange juice is my favorite but I also sometimes use cranberry juice - it's especially good with blueberries in your smoothie. My final tip is frozen berries - using frozen berries means you don't have to add ice. Your smoothie will have so much more flavor if you use frozen fruit instead of ice which dilutes the smoothie. Occasionally I use frozen banana too - it's a great way to use up bananas that are almost past their prime, peel them, cut them into big chunks and freeze in a Ziploc bag and then use throw them in smoothies.
I am using the above as a disclaimer, because this is going to be some classic Carol inconsequentiality.
sa.nLength = sizeof(SECURITY_ATTRIBUTES);
Highway 61 Revisited
To put it bluntly you and I are like Chicken Little. We know something has happened but the worst is yet to come. Bill C-38 is another of the dreaded omnibus bills which are meant to confuse and hide the reality of the sweeping totalitarian agenda that is being implemented by the Harperites. There are so many parts to the bill that it is difficult to explain the full horror of it. At over 400 pages it is a masterpiece of political skulduggery and obfuscation. The bill removes the Inspector General as watchdog over CSIS (a governmental agency that badly needs rigorous oversight), it proposes changes to the Immigration Act which will significantly limit the number of foreign workers who have petitioned to come to Canada over the last number of years, and it negatively alters provisions of the Fisheries Act which considerably complicates the lives of fishers whose livelihood in recent years has been increasingly difficult.
I applaud Mr. Palau for sharing his story with readers. He did not skim over parts. He just laid it all on the table. This made him more relatable to people. I think that by reading this book, Mr. Palau shows that there is still hope for people who have lost their way and need help from God to find their way back. Although, as much as I liked this book. I also did not have a hard time putting it down for a bit and than coming back to it. Mr. Palau never really preaches in this book. He just shares his story with some Bible scripture references. This book is worth your time.
But if I owe you money, Mama, get in line..
This morning, I awoke at my customary 5:00am (which is 10am in the UK) and promptly turned on the TV to catch the Royal Wedding hoopla. After about 10 seconds of cringing at the U.S. commentators, I switched over to the BBC and from there, enjoyed a more sedate and dry perspective. One of my favorite moments was when Simon Schama (a brilliant historian and writer) commented that the Queen's cousins riding along in the little coaches (luxurious mini-buses) could be a team of footballers heading off to a match, to all appearances.
Car mechanic Mercy Thompson has always known there was something different about her, and not just the way she can make a VW engine sit up and beg. Mercy is a shape shifter, a talent she inherited from her long-gone father. She's never known any other of her kind. Until now.
Week 8: Sunday, Oct. 28, at Detroit, 10:00 AM
And now the year gone by;
The Limelights are beautiful for sure, just not my favorite hydrangea:
My eyes are watering like crazy. Meri thought it was because of the emotional "dress a woman on stilts" Project Runway episode from last night, but really it's not. I don't know if I have allergies or if I rubbed something into my eyes... Or if I'm just tired all the time. That actually might be it... I need about 2 more hours of sleep a night. Yeah, that would do it for me!
She started off doing something that fascinated her, that kept her thinking about things that were wrong in the educational system. One thing that frustrated her was that teachers went to many training seminars, ran back to their classrooms, and did the innovative things that they learned at the seminar for about a month or two, and then fell back into their old, poor habits of teaching. In her program, people do things consistently and dont only stop at the introduction of the concept.
Laura Ryan, head of the Limerick Communications Office stated: Mr Hooks attempt at humour . . . was a bit crass and ill-advised. It crossed the line between a bit of banter and a cheap jibe and was just completely unnecessary.
A healthy diet, exercise, vitamin supplements, as well as having peace of mind and a positive outlook can do wonders as we go through each years hurdles. One of the areas that we overlook or take for granted is our eyesight. We should include this important part when we do our yearly check up. Or we may encounter a dark future sooner than expected and it is called Glaucoma.
At the end of the protest when one person got up to say entry to the council chambers was by ticket only and everyone else should go home, a group of students got up and announced their intent to march on the banks, who they described as the real cause behind the cuts. Around 25 then march along the road for a short protest outside Halifax bank headquarters with lively chanting.
get you that freedom
Be different from the world. Thank God for what you go through. Out of your mess will come a message to bless others.
The First Law is that of inertia. I placed a baseball card on top of a glass, and then stacked coins on top of the card. I asked them to predict what would happen to the coins when I horizontally flicked the card away (they said the coins would fly off everywhere.) Of course they dropped into the glass, and I let them try it a few times. I also gave each of them some thick paper (bookmarks, actually) and a stack of pennies. I instructed them to place the bookmark on the edge of the table so half of it was off of it and then to put a stack of coins on the bookmark. They quickly pulled the bookmark out from under the coins and the stack remained intact on the table. (The boys, of course, experimented with ways to make the coins spill...)
It also means that as citizens living at or below the poverty line, they get free healthcare through Medicaid, housing subsidies through HUD, food stamps and WIC (Women, Infants, Children) benefits--plus welfare through SSI.
It feels like we can be happy and interact with each other ~ keke
According to the public service code of conduct, a government employee is guilty of misconduct if he or she does paid work without permission from a head of department.
With mounting hospital bills and Trumans penchant for gambling his savings, the situation seems hopeless . . . until his estranged wife throws him a lifelinethe chance to write the story of a death row inmate, a man convicted of murder who wants to donate his heart to Trumans son.
Vintage mirrors everywhere, desilvered with time,
I'm trying, desperately, to entice Ellen Degeneres to give a pint to the cause on her show - wouldn't THAT be fabulous? Or maybe SHE would let a winner come visit HER in California? I've been emailing and tweeting her trying to get her to notice my blood drive efforts, but I know she gets thousands of requests every day, but just as she wanted to be on the cover of Oprah magazine, she didn't quit, so I'm not going to quit bugging her on my quest to get her to at least give me a pint of blood. In fact, wouldn't she look GREAT donating a pint of blood?
I'm pretty sure she's forgiven me. But now the regular joke around our house is, "Hey, remember that time you put the wrong cat out?"
I consider myself to be rather naive. That said, after having tried to leave the city on a Friday after 6:30pm, it's clear that naivety is the tippy-tip-top of an iceberg the size of Canada that is, my cluelessness about driving. Getting in and out of Paris is like trying to squeeze a traffic hippo through the eye of a needle.
Walk with the knowledge youll never walk alone.
Lastly, and my personal favourite, nothing adds character like wall stickers. Oh yes, they can be costly if you look around, even going up to $200 for elaborate ones but if you have bookshelves, beds and desks around your walls I hardly think you'll require, or maybe not even fit, a giant olive tree complete with flock of escaping birds...You can find wall stickers either online OR many retailers who deal in home decor do sell them, including the likes of Target who at this very moment are selling a florel set of 6 for about $20. I bought some today so once I get them up I'll tell you how it goes!
as a graduation present.
Also, could Tim Horton's put sugar in my tea when that's what I ordered?
Yes babies are cute - I have one so I know. They coo and giggle and men and women have been known to go gaga over them. But when it comes to your wedding you have to think about the bigger picture.
Today all I can think about is how grateful I am for two wonderful, loyal, supportive and down-right AMAZING friends I have. They know who they are, but I want to be absolutely certain that they know how much they mean to me.
Pretty much the best thing that has happened this month. They are awesome and now I am on a mission to find out where I can get them. They arrived pretty quick after she let me know I had won and also included some recipes for me to try. The first one I decided to use was the Sweet & Sour; Great idea, so great. I cannot get the taste out of my mouth/head....I can feel it in my bones. I couldn't find the recipe on the Butler website but it is pretty simple. I opted to use pineapple in liru of the sugar since I like to use natural sugars whenever possible and when is pineapple a bad idea? Never, really. I really enjoyed the texture of the product and the flavour is really dependant on what you season with, like cooking with tofu. Of course, I didn't take a picture, what was I thinking? This dish wasn't really pretty....I was in a hurry, had to get to work, blah blah blah. You need to take my word for it, or you can go read the Vegan Food Rocks blog post, she has pictures.
The cake was very well received by party-goers, and more importantly, I think the birthday girl really liked it. I sure hope so! We had a great time celebrating with you, A!
I gave Martin the crispy onions from on top of my burger because they were probably dusted in flour and then fried. He told me that it probably wouldnt matter if I ate them. I do love them. But I told him that weight loss meant a lot to me and that I was really trying hard to stick to the Challenge. He commended me and told me he was proud of me while he ate my onions.
Im going to call her! How dare she, he repeated.
I saw my break coming & made a rush to get out! Once I got out, I noticed the sun was about to be swallowed by a second cloud!
* lolRat Race- dress like mice
Mix about a shot's worth of apple cider vinegar in with a tall glass of your favoritus juice and slam it down. You could get all crazy like me and take white vinegar straight up but I don't recommend it.
Its obvious that someone has had one too many bowls of Count Chocula or watched far too many episodes of those blood sucking vampire dramas on TV. This week police officials in Galveston, Texas reported that (an obviously mentally disturbed) 19-year old drakul wanna-be named Lyle Monroe Bensley broke into a womans apartment and proceeded to hiss and growl whilst biting and hitting her in her bed.
Put all the nuts in a bowl. You could roughly chop but I like my nuts whole. I bashed just a few.
This morning, the boys and I popped out to the beach to visit some old friends of mine. Old friends. I've known them 20 years, which is around the half-my-life mark, so they qualify. I met them when I was living in London. In fact, I lived with them when I was living in London.
Included in the weekend: three gourmet meals in atmospheric local restaurants, a half day Foodscape hinterland tour taking in three of the region's best producers and a guided historical walking tour of Bangalow as well as fun writing workshops and plenty of free time to allow your creative juices to flow. Each of the three included restaurant meals will be attended by a local writer, editor or identity who'll lead themed discussions on topics from how to capture the essence of a destination to how to pitch an article to an editor with questions and answers, readings and more.
The weather over the past few days has been co-operating, at least some of the time, and so weve been able to play outside in the yard. Yesterday was 7 degrees in the afternoon, though on Monday morning everything had a light dusting of snow, I suppose just to remind me that I live in Canada in case Id forgotten, which I hadnt.
Million of dollars were invested in people who has extraordinary capabilities they could use to predict future events and read hidden documents.
The winner sits on a throne, wears a tiara, and everyone dresses in pink. Its an award ceremony for grown-up authors, styled by a very girly eight-year-old.
Some say Islam is not a bad thing. Islam is a bad thing for the non-Muslims who do not want their society to regress to some anti-humanitarian tribal patriarchal past.
Axe Save $1/1 Shampoo 12oz or 22oz or Styling Aid 2.64oz or 3.2oz ets (4/22)
My ideal garden looks like a vegetable garden thats gotten out of hand. I havent tended my garden properly, because I can tell there are weeds amongst my ripe fruit. I have a strawberry bed, thats in a similar state at the moment. Ive been limited in my mobility with my knee injury, and the weeds are about to outnumber the strawberry plants. Ive already harvested about five gallons of berries  yes you heard me, five gallons. Youve got to have a lot of berries to make jam, not to mention the fresh berries and strawberry shortcake.
Pushing budget cuts and pension changes at the same time could create political problems jeopardizing pension reform, according to one legislator with knowledge of negotiations but not authorized to talk on the record.
I facebook messaged him of course! I gave him the run down... the whole 'you don't know me, but...' scenario. Totally out of character! I mean I'm a person who pushed my boundaries the other day by (instead of running to the supermarket to buy some Gravox) knocking on the next door neighbours to politely ask them if they could spare a tablespoon. So, this was no small feat.
The TSA says they will start hiring new agents without doing background checks. Now instead of just feeling like your being mugged going through security, it may actually happen.
I received an email from Jenny's assistant only a couple of weeks later saying (this is burned into my brain forevermore) Jenny is on a plane, doubled over in laughter reading your manuscript. She wants to offer you representation and would like to set up a time to talk to you.
I mean, how on earth could I resist?
4. Vacations- Yes, teachers take the vacations that usually cost the most because well, that is when we really have TIME to take a vacation. Our family doesn't go on crazy trips, but we take one nice trip to a resort not far from us. It is quiet, sweet, and we know NO ONE... perfect.
Get lucky.
Ive also been thinking a lot about Causes. Mainly because Causes are the lazy persons karma, but also because Im the sort of person who gets upset about things and then never does anything about it. Here is a list of the main things Im upset about, now:
And yesterday Joel put them into the ground. He chose a bed between two hoophouses as it is a little more sheltered there and our spring is continuing to be cold and wet.
A perfect end to our first week and, just when I think things can't get any better, it turns out Swansea have beaten Manchester City as well!
And naked boobs, and flowers too.
Trust again. In Jesus name amen.
Pour a little sauce in the bottom of the baking dish.
Avery Brewing Company Karma
I have such scrawny wrists that I get tendonitis every so often. I don't even use full-sized paint rollers because they're too heavy and I'm in pain after only one coat of paint. This time it's not as bad as it has been before. I used my mini roller, and it's a small room. The only reason I'm wearing the tensor bandage is that it happened to be on the desk, which reminded me that my doctor did recommend it. My wrist does feel better with it on.
In a sauce pan add the sugar and water and heat it till the sugar dissolves. Removes from the heat and cool it.
Just for us.
For the first FTF for 2012, it has to be about the summer fruit that is in season now. One of my favourites at the moment, cherries. I love fresh cherries, not so much canned, or cherry flavoured things, but lovely fresh, dark, glistening, plump, juicy cherries, mmmmmmmmmmm. They are really hard to find during the rest of the year, but at the moment the local cherries are at their best. I can't get enough of them.
...and judging by the links to the tales below, quite a few more...
Appearance: golden, very clear, some hop particles still remain from dry hopping. White head with poor retention.
And specious stuff that says No rational being
2. Become a follower of Tea Rose Home. (you will get a second entry)
As the nightly program wound through several non-college football segments, Dunlaw reflected on the surreal nature of his situation: I still cant believe Herbies sleeping with my Tracy. Its so unreal. I feel like I should be texting Knox right now. Yknow, something like, Oh my god. You wont believe this! This is amazing!
'Every day Whites are killed by blacks in South Africa. Thousands a year. Many do not even make the daily newspaper, but let it just be the other way around, or let a white just successfully defend himself against assault by blacks, then all hell breaks loose in South Africa.
Place strips in a medium saucepan. Cover with cold water, and bring to a boil over medium heat. Drain; repeat two more times with fresh water. This will take the bitterness out of the peel.
There was only one thing that I just KNEW was going to make this day more bearable. The fact that I was supposed to be able to rejoice in the knowledge that we were 11 weeks pregnant with our second baby.
We stand upon the threshold of a complete rejection of the concept of individual freedom.
The magazine cover, incidentally (photographed just after we had excavated along that very verge), has a wonderful caption. Some of the smaller Blue Stones were transported from as far as Wales by some unknown form of ancient transport  doubtless very much slower that the ultramodern, 110 bhp Pearl Metallic Scirocco GLi!. They dont write em like they used to.
Photos from the party at World Art Day have already been released on Facebook and are now going viral in social media.
I've joined another Big Picture Class by the lovely Tracey Clark. This time it's Picture Black & White. I signed up what feels like ages ago and was so pleasantly surprised this morning when the first prompt email was in my inbox. It really couldn't be coming at a better time. I've been feeling a little lost for inspiration lately, a little knotted up in my head, and a little off-center/detached/disconnected. These Picture Series classes of Tracey's always open my eyes up to the beauty in my everyday. I need those kinds of reminders sometimes. (Or else my blog might turn into a constant steam of random Monday drivel and too must self promotion about up coming classes.)
Code : CA 050
And people were beautiful, too, not because they were all the same, but because other people looked for and knew how to find what made them so.
Dinner was an obvious choice  the Braised Beef Short Ribs with potato puree and reduction. I have searched all over the Central Coast and have found very few short rib entrees that measure up. This one is always perfectly seasoned, big thick chunks of largely unfatty meat, without the gaminess of some. Moist, delicious, a dab of sauce, heaped like imposing clouds on the horizon over a sea of creamy potatoes that are also perfectly seasoned. They always seem to get this one right.
Whitney blogs at Whitney Thinks and more frequently at the Mother Daughter Diet Diary. I have a suspicion Whitney happened into the Beer Rant neighborhood strictly by chance. Ive not seen many comments from her, though she did leave a very kind offer to send Shiner on my son-in-laws blog and for that, Im sure she ranks as good beer folk.
5) From where did the money come (83 million)?
Released February 2, 2012.
Packing for San Francisco was a bit challenging, but after studying the weather every day until we left  I mastered a perfect selection for the trip. I thrifted this $3 handmade dress years ago from a Goodwill in Nebraska and wore this dress out last Saturday afternoon as we wandered around the Mission District. A beautiful afternoon filled with warm breezes, ice cream sandwiches and iced hibiscus tea.
Trust me, college is not only about studying and getting good gradesthere is a lot more that happens in the 4 years youll never forget.
The real value of the information gained from the webbot project comes through in the ability of the decoder to make sense of that information.
"A woodchuck ate all your bulbs," she said. "Either that or a chipmunk."
Did you know that youve been tagged like a whale, with a radio collar? Odds are you carry a cell phone, and that its on most of the time you have it. Your cell company, and possibly your government can thus create one of these interesting and creepy interactive maps, telling them the story of your life. Foursquare is a footnote compared to this map. Imagine it in the wrong hands?
Below, I have typed out some of the more brilliant opening lines (only the first one or two sentences) of fiction novels  some of my personal favourites. Beneath each quote is the answer, so simply highlight the empty space to see it. Let me know how you all do!
the University of Abuja. He
A refund can be delayed for a variety of reasons. For example submitting invalid records or applying after the deadline. To access the form for your tax refund, please
Evening Telegraph - Saturday 07 January 1899, page 3.
An Architects blood. The vision of the world, remember?
Also, once the dragonfly leaves it's underwater life, it can't go back. It trades the water currents for air currents. Both of which are amazing, but both are very different lives.
The main motivation to copying YPP is that your knit fabric will then have a similar drape, having about the same density. If you'd rather have a lighter sweater, woolen prep and spin; for a heavier one, worsted prep and spin. That said, parts of a sweater see a lot of wear, and worsted prep and spun does wear better (less pilling, typically) than woolen prep... So you might want to not only sample spinning, but also knitting. Let a small knit square live on your keychain for a while to see how it likes being dragged in and out of your purse.
With the good of independence comes the bad of detachment from my best friend, the person I like to regurgitate my day to and who generally makes me feel awesome and loved and all that. I do miss that and it has made me a little sad, disconnected, etc.
OK, bear with me. So Alex usually takes Lucien to karate class every Saturday so he can discuss workouts with Thor. But since Al was in Venice last weekend, I took him. I was able to watch the tail end of the class, the part where Thor pairs the kids up for some light sparring. They don't really land any hard hits or kicks, they just kind of circle each other practicing the motions.
31Then Joshua and all Israel with him went on from Libnah to Lachish, and took up their position against it and made an attack on it,
below the threshold at which donations have to be publicly registered with the Electoral Commission.
I love how good God has been to my family; as of late we have a great deal to be thankful for, getting a new family member is a big deal and we are all excited. But there are times when I feel overwhelmed, like I have mentioned before. There are days when I worry about things I cannot control  and being a control freak  that is a problem! I am a worrier by nature. I can remember a time in my young childhood where I didnt eat for about three or four days because I was just worried. I cant remember what about. They would probably call that generalized anxiety if I went to see a professional about it today. Anyway, I pulled myself (or God did) out of that one and moved on to more worry nearly everyday after that. It is just what I do. The whatever of that is twofold for me tonight. You cant just say you believe that God will get you through stuff and then still worry about it, AND what are you showing those who are watching you. It is a big deal put your faith where your Father is and it is a big deal to give a good example.
But, the voice of Tulu Nadu is still unheard.
You know that lemonade version of MGD 64 Light Beer that MillerCoors introduced a few months ago?
Its a hard song to really describe but what I will say is that its not for the faint-hearted and it was a brave, brave move for Lost Persona to delve into a song that isnt their usual style.
A mouse darted across the bedroom floor from under the bed and Celeste yanked her feet up. She wondered if the squeaks were from the mattress itself or if the mouse had slept in the mattress at night along with her. Her gag reflex kicked in as she pushed away thoughts of sleeping with mice.
Introduced in 1976, the Eagles are the comics industrys best-known fan-selected awards, giving the entire comics community the opportunity to vote for the finest publications and brightest talent of the past year, with categories covering the whole world of comics, including manga, movies and web comics.
The Latin Jazz Quintet for Tru-Sound from 1962.
Winterson described the university's Centre For New Writing as a "serious and exciting place where students are carefully selected and there is a deep interest in what writing can do at an individual level and for the wider culture". She added: "I am from Manchester and the north is part of me; how I write, as well as who I am."
I'm starting to believe that Morrissey and Co. totally wrote all those Smiths songs about me, back in the 80s.
To a deep shade of night.
The real and sustainable ways to help the housing industry and simultaneously those people of moderate income are to implement the reforms I propose. Among them are: a) Abolishing the property tax on primary residences of NJ taxpayers; b) Structural reforms in the extensive government apparatus of NJ abolishing one or more layers; c) Drastic increase in the minimum wage; d) State income tax code reform.
The natural preference most people have for some racesusually their ownover others means that multiracial societies are plagued with stresses that you don't see in monoracial societies. The tendency in modern times is to separation. Look at residential and educational patterns in the U.S.A. I discuss these issues at length in my book We Are Doomed.
2012-01-23 20:36
I am now twelve weeks, and we are officially out and notorious with the pregnancy. My husband and I have both made announcements on Facebook, and you don't get anymore official than that, folks. I would post the picture from our appointment this week, but it's not very good. The baby was moving around so much that it made it difficult for my doctor to take a picture for us to keep.
I am probably not an amazing breed of perfectionist, but I have it in my DNA.
to know what had happened to the girl's leg, but I was also
Claiming that Proclamation No. 1801 and PTA Circular No 3-82 precluded them from filing an application for judicial confirmation of imperfect title or survey of land for titling purposes, respondents-claimants
It's easy to be pissed. It's easy to be sad. It's easy to take it sitting down.
TV On The Radio  Repetition (DGC Records)
Central to our strategy has also been the ongoing dialogue and discussion with long-time New Orleans organizers of color. Folks from a range of organizations affiliated with the Greater New Orleans Organizers' Roundtable have generously entered into conversations with the anti-racism working group about how Occupy NOLA can be pushed in a strategic direction that furthers the aims of local economic and social justice movements. This work has the potential to strengthen both Occupy NOLA and the work of already existing organizing by building a united front on the social justice issues in New Orleans.
Jim ("Hit Back Twice As Hard") Messina, the national campaign manager for Obama, introduced the band, saying the members appeared "because they care about their country."
The reason for this is presumably because it so so isolated. I am told an electricity supply only reached the populated island of Valentia, opposite where I am staying, in around 1963. The mobile phone signal here varies from eccentric to non-existent (mostly the latter) and, as for high-speed broadband, you can pretty much forget it. Modems tend to be dial-up and publicly-accessible WiFi in pubs and suchlike is a futuristic concept.
Now, I am not going to do this exactly as Mrs. Child directs (I can't leave well enough alone). I'm not using isinglass (a kind of gelatin) for one thing. I'm also not using strained strawberry juice; I'm going to mash the strawberries with the sugar, and fold them into the whipped cream. Then I'm going to line a baking dish with plastic wrap, pour the mixture in, and just freeze it. I also inherited some fancy Jello-molds from my grandma so I may line some of them with plastic and make little molded ice creams for fun!
I might migrate next year and I don't know whether I can get my company to move me. I don't know which state I'm moving to or what kind of life faces me there. Everything's just so uncertain.
MEN.
The irony here is that most of the answers to "how are things going?" questions can be found right here on my blog in the WHAT'S NEW! section. I know a blog is impersonal but corners have to be cut. If you've read that section and still have questions, that's fine. Ask away. I really appreciate knowing that the person has checked with the blog first.
Pros: A sail boat provides you with a bed, stove, table, chairs, etc. You have the comfort of a campervan with the fuel use of a pushbike.
But the man who enters her bedchamber is no stranger. He is Dels brother and Londons most notorious rakea man on a rescue mission of his own. Christian is intrigued by the innocent beauty who clearly does not belong in the notorious brothel. And as the two seek out the damning secrets of the club . . .
For a totally boss afternoon snack, try spreading chlorella cream on a rice cake, top with banana, some hemp seeds, goji berrieswhatever!
He could see her almost too perfect breasts partly shadowed in the diminished light.
How did I get this lucky? I'm really not sure. I guess it's because we were meant for each other and we held out for each other instead of settling for relationships that may have been convenient at the time. I also know for a fact that God had HUGE role in guiding my life towards Eric. Thank you, Jesus!!
Getting back to my husband and his birthday. I was happy to hear from him that today was not as stressful as he feared, and at lunch today, his team remembered his birthday and got him a cake.
And what is this political movement doing, if not with-holding the true blessing the people in Israel need!
FOODOLOGY
....well sort of. Having ordered my shopping online and it being delivered promptly I feel a lot less stressed. I've not done a lot really..been chillin' and taking things easy. Last Wednesday went to lunch and the theatre(Crucible), with my friend Anne to see Hamlet. She got the tickets as a birthday present to me. Must say it was brilliant. Guess who forgot to turn their phone off?.....and guess who's phone rang twice because it wouldn't turn off?....yes me. I did manage to turn it off eventually..thankfully. What makes it worse is my ring tone....the theme to "Danger Mouse." Had visions off being escorted out. Ah well..all makes for an interesting day. The day was wonderful....thank you Anne. It's taken it's toll though.....have been so tired and am only just starting to come round...wouldn't have missed it for anything though.
P: So when you actually meet them, are you just planning on telling them you have a really good tan?
We will now see if my recycled ones work as great as the real one.
Many people have memories associated with music. A song you heard on your first date, music that your grandparents always played, a song that made you smile, or one that made you cry. Music Monday, is a time to share those memories.
Managers of the building say they haven't received a new tenancy agreement from the building's owners Burntwood and have given shopowners notice to quit.
Department of Justice - Public Prosecution Division
Even though I have lived on the Gold Coast for much of my life, I had no idea how to get there and set the GPS to guide my way. What time will we be there, I asked my co-pilot. In 20 minutes, he replied. Not being one to trust co-pilots, I disbelievingly grabbed the GPS. He was right. This piece of nirvana is essentially in my back yard.
(1) If you do not forgive, neither will your Father who is in heaven forgive you your sins (Matthew 11:26). There remains no ground of excuse in the day of judgment  when you will be judged according to your own sentence. And whatever you have done, that you will also suffer.
I bought tickets to the musical as soon as they went on sale. I blogged about my anticipation. Last weekend we went to see the show. Followthatdog and her family came down from Seattle, as did our friend Chihuahua. Work and family took them both up to the pacific northwest a few years ago, but their hearts are still in San Francisco. Stan still lives here. We went out for a fancy dinner, and then we went on to the show. Gussied up and liquored up, it felt just like old times. We felt like old timers when we realized that the last time we had been to this restaurant together was when it opened back in 1998. Over fine wines and gourmet seafood we rehashed our own beloved stories. Legends of memorable nights whose details I will not embellish here on this public blog.
Queen & Co - rhinestones, yellow
Well without meaning to sound even more immature you started it. I say.
1 Weber Smoker Mountain Cooker grill
I know for some today is a wonderful holiday that you look forward to & others loathe it. But instead of being miserable or sad that you don't have a significant other try to make the best out of it. Your time will come, I promise :) Plus think of all the money you are saving right now without having to stress about buying a gift!
I decided to implement a web socket server in C# to learn more about the protocol. Since the protocol is constantly changing, I imagine that this will be out of date very quickly. At least that was the case when I was trying to find examples.
In my wildest dreams, the kind where I can do ANYTHING...anything in the world and know I'll be awesome at it, I act. But not just any kind of acting, I want to be an actress of musicals. The kind that dances, and cries while they're singing, then plasters on a smile for the finale. (Of course, not all musicals end happily.)
I've been posting fairly regularly on YouTube, and I didn't realize how awesome of a RPG community there is on there. I feel like I've made some genuine friends on there, and we all comment on each others thoughts, and we've even sent gifts through the mail of some of our extra gaming books. My main point, is that even though it is awesome, it has taken up a big chunk of my free time, and I didn't expect that. So be careful of what you are getting into, before you say, "Yes."
But you can find some pretty cool ones in the most unlikely places. Like a little town in the middle of Colorado.
Detective Superintendent Martin Andrew said: Following an allegation that nomination forms for the mayoral elections had been fraudulently filled in, a police investigation was launched.
What Ive discovered over the course of these past two years is a lot, including most importantly, my passion for writing. I guess you can say I had my own kind of coming out in the sense that I let my hidden passion for writing become part of my public, professional life. I had buried my love for writing over the yearsthroughout school, I thought that people would look down on me when I said I wanted to be an artist or a writer. So I covered up these thoughts of mine and went on studying other subjects in order to feel accepted by others.
Magnus Fin and the Ocean Quest
Im not gonna do it.
I drove back to Texas on Saturday, 12 hours straight, luckily not that much traffic. I would like to kindly request that the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority please either man the toll booths on the Creek Tollway around Tulsa or have it so that the fucking change machines WORK! I mean, seriously, I would pay the tolls if you made it possible for me to, but with toll booths that are exact change only, me not having change and you guys not having change machines that work...what the hell am I supposed to do? Yeah, I had to run the toll booth. I've never done that before. HOWEVER..... I did pay for the one I had to run at the next opportunity, where there was actually a person available. I am evil, but not a thief.
Is this an opportunity to take someones territory? Steal their wallet? Laugh at their situation?
A thunderhead crested at 40,000 feet. It was a hundred miles away, so far above the powerlines and stoplights and billboards that it was the reflection of another world, a mirage in water, suspended in air. A triangular mountain, its body cloaked in blue, its luminous peak bathed in the last rays of sunlight from the disappearing curve of the earth.
There are no backdoors in Australia to creep out as you must take everything as it comes when you get here.[i]
Floridas Stand Your Ground law:
The actual meaning of this word, however, has been lost in history, as it was a slang term which, literally translated, means lift bed.
Isaiah 6:8: Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.
Still, lets say you buy the idea that all those who rioted were on benefits. Once they get out of prison, this latest crop of offenders will find themselves less employable: their education interrupted, their criminal records dissuading employers. Were going to deny them access to state benefits, so presumably theyve got a straight choice between begging on the street, or theft.
In both churches there was sin all over the place. And also some wonderful people.
Doing this manually in the UI tool was in fact too error-prone, too boring. As a java/groovy developper, I should automate this with a groovy script.
Dylan is interested in Katie  very interested  but a traumatic childhood involving his parents marrying multiple times, bucketloads of brothers, sisters, half brothers, half sister, stepbrothers and stepsisters has scarred him. Hes not looking for commitment and hes never dated a woman with children before. Remembering how he felt when partners came and went from his life as a child, hes cautious about impacting on the lives of children. He tells Katie that hes not a good bet and that hes only out for something casual.
for Kerry
and reckless,
 Finally get started on my career (after my degree I only worked for 3 years before having a 6 year gap for babies!!)
But my recurring fear is that they will go for somebody horrible with a nice line in Let me take you away from all this.
Today I'm almost back to normal ( whatever that means?) and as I was putting away the goodies I had bought at the Quilt-Stem meeting I found the fabric I bought for the prize ( for naming my machine) . so I figured I better pick a name!
So there you have it, physical. In all my years I have never come back feeling like this, its amazing, wonderful and so worth every little bit (really big bits) of work I have put into my new life style journey.
Its been brewing for many years. I had the idea  of a novel where I would write alternatives and then toss a coin to choose which to go with  about 15 years ago, and started to write it (differently) but got waylaid. But I never forgot about it and eventually found the right story for it. (I think!) What made me want to write this story eventually was that I got to the point where I couldnt not. I told my agent that Id be presenting her with something very different, very risky, and possibly unpublishable, but that I was going to write it anyway even if it wasnt published. I also specifically didnt want a contract at first, until I knew that it was working.
-when I returned to the BARN in 2006 the first thing I put in the (out of) control room was a cast-iron BuddhA I got at a flea-market. "what do you have to teach me, mr. Buddha?" I asked. "PATIENCE." he replied"GREAT!" I said, "I'll be here 'til 4:0-clock!"then I bought the old QUAD EIGHT conSOUL...
It's a much different routine. But it is also one that is expected every year around this time. One that I have a love/hate relationship with. I love being a part of the business, but it gets harder every year.
Fast forward five years and as a junior in college Nick has joined the University club team and looks forward to playing again during the upcoming fall semester. It really does make a lot of sense Id go back to baseball, Nick said. Youre going to get tired of anything after a certain point of doing it non-stop. But take a break, come back to it later, and youd be surprised how it can be just as much fun to you now as it once was in the past.
R23- (dec) around (6) sl st tojoin, finish off, weave ends tightening up bottom.
De Ranke Hop Harvest 2011 - 750ml bottles - $19.99 (price includes tax)
These books are not only psychologically complex: they also engage with the recent history of Iceland and its unique social environment. An isolated population mostly living in rural poverty has been transformed (in less than a century) into an urban, wealthy, sophisticated and multi-cultural community. Indridason explores this context; he is uninterested in Iceland as a picture-postcard tourist destination and instead adopts a realism that is bleak but authentic.
I just pick it up when I need help,

Now, we are off to do some delivering!
They still have to appear upbeat at a moments notice (TV presenters, not anally challenged hippos).
I then make a base for the ship in 2mm plasticard. I got this basing idea from a site I checked (meaning drooled all over) when I was considering getting into naval wargaming. The site is Agis Neugebauers VaS section of his site.
On a Sunday at the end of July (more anon) Radio 4 will be presenting a new 4-part series called Poetry Workshop. Hosted by Ruth Padel, each session will be offered from a different part of the country.
Today, I had a girl ask me what a feather bed was. We are the same age. Does it seem like we are missing some vital piece of nostalgic history here? I used to fight with my siblings over who got to take a nap on the feather bed.
Living as a thin chick in a fat chicks world must be a nice thing. Firstly when you order a heap of food nobody gives you the look that says you pig! When you go to Dunnes Stores the only sizes left are 6,8 and 10. Unless you are in Dunnes Stores when they are physically stocking the new arrivals you can be guaranteed that the larger sizes sell out quicker. The same with Penneys. You have to be quick to get the larger sizes. So as a thin chick you get the pick of the clothes! Bliss!
Should have closed the windows, love
- very fun, energetic show that brought back some nice memories and was a reminder that jovanotti is an important representative of not only Italian but World music
I'm still finding my way, fishing out what works for me and just letting things evolve.
I have always been near a healthy-ish weight never quite there though. Tending towards being more overweight than normal but not obese except when I was in first year University and discovered I had a moderate lactose intolerance. I dont get the really nasty side effects but I bloat, feel uncomfortable and generally regret eating the ice cream later. I gave it up and immediately dropped the few extra kilos and went down a dress size. However, I have continued to remain overweight without any real success. I dont really like exercise (though as David says in the book, I didnt exercise because I was fat not the other way around) but I do enjoy it, most of the time, once I get out there. My one vice has always been sweets. I never go without chocolate and will go to the shops to buy it if I have a strong enough craving. I love soft drink and again will search far and wide till I get it. I knew that highly processed, trans fats are bad for you but what I was about to discover nearly blew me away.
It worked!
White Boy and The Average Rat Band, S/T, Roach RecordsBmore representing and such.
Why is it that when you start trying for a baby sex becomes different? I noticed this the first night of sex when we started trying. It felt like a mission. It wasnt just sex, it was sex with the possibility of feeling failure afterwards. It almost feels like that once you start trying for a baby all the passion and lustful sex thoughts are taken out of the equation and the only thing you can think about is, is this gonna make a baby. And maybe these feelings are just me. But I also think there is a way to fix this. I think I really just need to get out of my head, stop worrying, and just enjoy my husband.
The July 29th phantom creeps up again, but this time he is defeated! Q2 lists it as the 29th, but apparently it is actually tonight (if only I knew about it sooner, and it weren't 95 degrees).
There were 3 colors,each of an alkaline and a non alkaline earthenware glaze.
water as required
So she called animal control.
One of them.
Paths vary;
The crowd roared, "Yes!"
Less soaps, more love. Less toys, more boys.
I keep thinking proactive, proactive, proactive. And also stop being a baby, its not a shark bite and stop pretending it is.
Beer Karma strikes again. Ricky Stuart; shit bloke, no trophy.
Wonder why we picked this beer. "How about something light for the warm weather?" Kristen asked. This is what I gave him. You won't get much lighter. I also thought it would be fun to have something so recent. A beer still, in fact, available. Wherever they may brew it.
But E@L tells them about Josie Bones instead, beer place in Collingwood, you know the guy from Masterchef, with the hat? Beer and great food. All the wine bars in Singapore, you take them like that That's what they need, E@L, is ranting now, is Good. Fucking. Food. The wine, get some great stuff, but a real chef, you know. There's the guy from Iggy's. Iggy.
Me: Im not fine ok. Im tired of fighting. Im tired of fighting for everything. Ok. No, not fine. Want to quit, but yeah it doesnt matter. So, no, not fine. But I dont care.
It wasn't until a few weeks ago my 5 year old son's teacher told me how fantastic my son was doing at school and how great he was with Lego. "He must have a great collection at home?", she asked. I said, "no, he doesnt have it". She was in shock. She suggested I get some, so his good behaviour reward for staying out of the Principal's office this first term was a box of Lego. I don't remember having it when I was young but I got such a kick out of helping put together a police van for dogs. My daughter has also shown a great interest in it. I even went out and bought a 3 drawer filing box so he can store it so it doesn't get underfoot.
Squats with overhead press
The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.
Yes Geli dear, but as every Enron investor could attest, the past is no guide to the future. And your economy just slowed by half. And the euro is stable in the same way that rice pudding has the consistency of reinforced concrete.
Its every day without you since I was fourteen.
The third section of Ted Hughes Gog evokes Holger the most strongly. This is a deep, dark, and difficult poem, and parts of it are not suitable for family reading. It deals with the lifelong and ultimately futile efforts of Everyman to escape from the softness and weakness of his mother and establish his own manhood without being sucked in and corrupted by the softness and weakness of his wife.
Just moment's later I'm shearing my blondies' heads like hot, sweaty, sheep outside. Instead of falling to the ground, the fresh wisps land on dewy skin, staying put, refusing to fall. The clouds rolled in, the sky darkened and everything stilled.
"I think I could do a better job than him to be very honest with you, the way he's dealing with things it's getting worse and worse."
"If she had a warning label, it would read: Good friend, not great. Talks more than listens. May or may not have a conscience. Manipulative in an emergency. Needs constant attention. May or may not be capable of authentic connections. Should not be exposed to displays of sickness, grief, shame. May contain traces of fraudulence." In the second story, "Love Seat" was one I had difficulty to connecting to; it's a sort of twisted love story involving the Grateful Dead and a lot of tanning lotion and a radio show host. I actually enjoyed the beginning, before it got into all the Grateful Dead stuff, since I've never listened to the band and all the connections and symbols just didn't make sense to me. It might work better for an older, or more musically literate, reader.
Even the free samples quite often disguise an ebook not worth the money (Trust me, I have seen my screen seethe in agony, I wouldn't review them here since this isn't a book blog, and because of a self imposed rule of showcasing 3 stars and above books.) Should a reader avoid Amazon reviews and rely on word of mouth or book bloggers to find new authors, try only bloggers' books or stick to reliable paperbacks?
But, a year later, despite significant additional casualties, the vulnerability of the Snatch was becoming so evident that we were to pick it up on this blog, leading in August to a review of the vehicle by then defence secretary Des Browne, and its partial replacement by the Mastiff.
Surely the UN doesnt expect the world to believe rebels are picking their bomb-making materials and Kalashnikovs from Syrias cypress trees  and knows full well such weapons, training, and cash are flowing over the borders, admittedly from the US-led Friends of Syria cadre to support what is now clearly a terrorist campaign in direct violation of the UNs own peace deal.
Me: "I was approaching it from the angle of making the uterus more sticky, but making the babies more sticky would also work. How do you propose we make the babies stickier?"
If any of you would like to research the Kama Sutra you can find a copy of it at most non-bible belt libraries. Be prepared to put your AKA (also known as) on the waiting list. More conveniently, for all you parents of teen-agers, you can find a copy of it under their mattress during school hours. But hey, leave the diary alone!
Drawing on examples from her translation practice in poetry, Ern Moure discusses translation as an operation that is not just linguistic, but social. It takes place in a social field, and is a task accomplished throughand that bears traces ofthe intervention of one human body: that of the translator. In translation, the thing or meaning that is carried across from one text to another is never purely a representation of the work of the original author. The new meaning is part of a social fabric in the target language and is not solely resident in the text itself. What is meaning, after all, if it is not our meaning?
Putnam (1995) suggests that social capital refers to
Theres a list of things that we are not allowed to take with us to Malaysia. Handguns and spices are on that list. That spice trade is so yesterday. Unfortunately, handguns are still very much today.
Oh, snap. Lede graf burn.
And it breaks him. It breaks the hard shell of anger to what is really underneath. My harsh words have placed layer and layer of hard protection around his tender heart, and when I tell him Im sorry, when I tell him I am wrong, the shell cracks. And what is soft inside seeps out. It pours down his face, dripping off his nose and his chin. This is no longer the face of an angry child, this is the face of a child who is hurt and needing love, not frustration; hugs, not yells. And that softness brings me to my knees, asking the Lord to take away my sinful nature. Let me never hurt my children with my words again.
Yesterday I took my girlfriend's niece, Courtney,out for a bike ride while my girlfriend and her sister were doing a Zumba class. She has just started to learn and is using stabilisers but she is making great progress. When we had a break we started to write a little poem about her riding the bike. I took the bits we wrote and all the notes and worked this poem from them.
1 1/2 c water
And so you shall, my dear sir! his visitor exclaimed. Owing to the war, Im living at present in rooms in Bloomsbury. I cant afford to keep up my house in Wales, and I want to be near my little girl, who is working at the Ministry of Munitions. But Im too fond of the picture to part with it even for a time. Its my especial pride. I cant think how you can keep these glowing canvases unhung. You must look me up and give me your honest opinion. Im only sorry I cant show you my collection; but that will have to wait. Meantime, look me up at 33, Patmore Street, Bloomsbury. I find it so handy, you know, for the Museum. One thing only I would beg  a clear twenty-four hours notice. I am a martyr to asthma, and during an attack I find it impossible to see any one. As to the hour, my mornings and afternoons are usually occupied, but any evening, Mr. Digby, when youre in town, I should be delighted to see you.
As evident on the bill that night, there's quite a scene going on in the lower parts of Manhattan. A pretty large chunk of credit for that needs to go to The Dirty Pearls who have no problem welcoming fellow bands and singers into their world. During the show, the 'Pearls frontman Tommy London mentioned that they are all about mutual respect and helping other bands in the scene. Recently, London started up his own label, Rivington Records, which will be spotlighting bands from the New York scene and beyond.
But I'm glad to say that I really enjoyed it and was extremely curious as to how the story would unfold.
The Universal Human is connected through the heart to the whole of life, evolving consciously and helping to co-create a new kind of spiritual path, something weve never experienced before, but which is perfect for our time.
dysfunctional selection process into
Why Lacan? The seemingly random words that punctured each person with this verbal infection made me think of his famous near-koan, a letter always arrives at its destination.
Nip = to leave, to go out. Example: I will nip to the shop before I go home.
Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fans Hope highlights the journey of five individuals over the four days that make up the pop culture convention, Comic-Con (2010). One is the owner of a company specializing in selling comic books, two are budding comic artists hoping to break into the business, another is a young woman that creates intricate costumes with her team of friends, and the last is a young man hoping to propose to his girlfriend while attending the con. Smaller stories are weaved into the film as well, such as that of a dedicated toy collector. Inserted between the movie are mini-segments and interviews with multiple celebrities such as Stan Lee and Joss Whedon, both of whom are producers of the film.
Today I get to host my best bloggity friend on my blog for Shitty Movie Awareness Club! We're pretty much the best couple ever. Even Andy calls our soulmateness a steamy love affair, and it totally is. I imagine that when we finally do meet, there will be a beautiful, running through the airport, jumping into each other's arms kind of moment. Except maybe not the jumping in each other's arms part because I'd really hate to give her a hernia. (Can girls even get hernias?) (When I was little, I thought a hernia meant that a boy's penis had fallen off. Ouch.)
A fun shot of them going under the bridge.
For all 7 weeks, we will be participating in the Seven Sacred Pauses daily and weekly observing the Sabbath. For us, it works best to observe from Saturday sundown to Sunday sundown.
Lovers of the blue color are considered to be loyal, well balanced and somewhat conservative personalities, who hold to tradition and dislike unpredictable situations or attracting the attention. They need piece and safety that only routine and careful planning can provide. Good friends, intelligent, sincere, spiritual and trustworthy persons; they don't wear their emotions "on the sleeves" but express them only in the circle of the closest persons which stay for a long time in their life!
You shake your ancient body causing countless earthquakes which triggers deadly tsunamis
Probably to stop the audience being confused between the two when it comes to racism.
Anyways, I watched this one guy who was making all sorts of noise, actually tuning his guitar right in the middle of the room. He was yelling to people coming in and pretty much giving no respect to an amazing female vocalist and guitarist on stage.
Thanks for stopping by my blog today and hope you all have a lovely weekend
There's no order, except perhaps the year's passing. I'll make a page for each plant and write all the things I can learn about it - where it grows and when, what ails it heals, and so on. This I'll add to over time, and bit by bit, I hope the carpet of unknown green will become like a crowd of friends, all shouting their names at me as I greet them along the way.
I'm trying not to.
Gary really wasnt all that bad. Only naughty. Miss Shoemaker didnt like dirty hands, and his were always grubby. She didnt like messy desks, and his always looked like it had been stirred up with a muddy stick. He forgot his homework, chewed gum in class, and stuck out his tongue at her behind her back. The worst thing I ever remember him doing is asking various girls what coloured panties they were wearing. At least, to me, at ten years old, that was quite shockingly bad.
Even if health workers go unharmed, they risk being turned away by people who were already mistrustful of foreign interventions and especially of vaccination efforts. The CIAs logicthat health care teams could penetrate places other outsiders could notis precisely the reason not to use the tactic.
This activity has lots of different variations depending on the level of your tot. For some, it could simply be that they "build" their own name or the alphabet. For others, they might "build" sight words or word families. You know your tot best, adapt this activity appropriately for them.
Rune FactoryRune Factory: A Fantasy Autumn Moon
3. Apps: Selection vs. Control
I really did not know how I would react to SOLOMON NORTHRUPS ODYSSEY when I first saw it so many years ago. After all, the movie had not been directed by someone from the established Hollywood community or from any of the film industries overseas. Gordon Parks was a well-established photographer who had worked for LIFE magazine and a documentary director, before turning his attention to directing films. And before SOLOMON NORTHRUPS ODYSSEY, he had only directed eight films, his most successful being the 1971 movie SHAFT. I must admit that Parks did a first-rate job in his direction of the movie, but I would not go as far to say that it was perfect.
by Doug Lawrence
-mica
Washing the area down with a 1:30 bleach-water solution regularly, helps to keep the risk of an outbreak of infection to a minimum.
I wasnt sure if I would like this story by Sylvia Day. She is a new author I am trying and the summary sounded interesting but I wasnt compelled to read it. Once you open the book, get into a few of the pages you find yourself liking the characters of Isabel and Gerald. They have wit and a sense of ignorance at least Gerald does. But as four years past the temperment changes for Gerald and he is a man. I like how Day keeps him as the polar opposite of what he used to be. It make a nice contrast to the boy he was and now as the man.
He looked at himself and the financial pinch he found himself in and laughed. I made a lot of mistakes. Drank my share of whiskey. Gambled. Knew a lot of women. But all in all, I have no regrets.
The money fog is almost always worse when were using credit cards, because the spending is often unconscious. In other words, you dont really have to think about it, you just hand over your card without even considering what the balance already is. Provided youre not at your limit you can easily do a day of retail therapy, or compulsive shopping, without giving the total amount spent another thought! You can just shop until you drop! Whilst you can also be in the money fog when using cash or debit cards, reality is closer at hand! You will either run out of money, need another trip to the money machine, or your debit card or EFT POS card will be rejected. Your spending therefore has to be, if not completely , at least partially, conscious.
My charity of choice is Special Olympics. Special Olympics Canada is dedicated to enriching the lives of Canadians with an intellectual disability through sport, and supports over 38,000 athletes, coaches and volunteers.
I liked the funny ears on this guy. The photograph makes his eyes look different because of the glare, but now I'm thinking that the eye on the right looks like it has a funny eyebrow... and I might try that intentionally next time. SO what do YOU think??? Feel free to comment, but DEFINITELY put that mouse to work and click SOMETHING!
- Customs User Fee of up to $5.50 per traveling customer upon arrival to the U.S.
The last time I rode with any serious intent was when I was first dating the SS; I got run away with, but managed to remember one was meant to turn the thing, and that worked. I suppose I must have passed whatever test as a potential life partner she was putting me through.
I created a layout featuring my sister, I and my two kitties (Hansel and Gretel). I was stumped for a title, but a friend of mine at the crop that I was at suggested "The Meowingtons). I thought it was cute!
My friend and me spent also a lot of time in the various book shops of the TATE. I loved looking through all the wonderful titles and finding one fascinating one after the next. And look what I spotted on the Childrens Book section ;)
Tohoshinki Dancers Team! You were the best! We should be the ones thanking you, thank you for moving us!!
So they already have abstinence-only education, their teen sex rate is still higher than average, and their answer to this problem is to reduce what little their teens can be taught about anything peripheral of sex? says Samurai Cathy. So if this doesnt work, whats next? Not telling children how to go to the bathroom for fear they will touch their own genitals?
The winner will be announced on the blog on 18 April. Good luck!
What I'm actually spending my time doing (when I'm not laid low by hayfever or distracted by videogames) is working on the book. I'm not doing a lot of editing right now, but I've still got to prepare a preview of book 2 (which is involving a huge amount of work outlining and preparing book 2, work that needs doing but is taking a while) and make a map of the city - which is an insanely finicky job. I hope to have the result to show sometime next week.
ran: 6.5 incl. warm; 3 x 1600 @ 9:13 w/800 jogs (@ 12:00); cool on track in 10:24
On April 16, 2011 we were finally able to bring our baby home. It was the day we had been waiting for. Now it was going to be real. I wasn't exactly sure at that moment what real was. I was just focused on the fact that we were no longer going to have to be at the hospital all day long and that I could hold, feed, change, and love her anytime I wanted to. Our new lives could truly begin.
Author Christy Tillery French: Gosh, Betty, Ive gone through it eight times now, so I dont do much of anything other than whoop and holler and say yahoooooooooeeeeeeeeeeee! I do go out to dinner with my hubby and kids, if they dont have anything planned. I do take a short break from writing when Im finished with a manuscript. (Im feeling so alone because I dont have any kind of ritual to celebrate. Hmmmmm)
Rob Zombie- Foxy Foxy
Why do I hide it?
1 sprig fresh thyme
And negatory on the cost of this mow-chine there RED RYDER
In other news, I moved the pillows from the kitchen banquette to the living room and love the way they pop against the inky blue pillows ( from Radiance From Ruins). Why did I not do this sooner? You gotta love a free update.
Around the world, black handprints are appearing on doorways, scorched there by winged strangers who have crept through a slit in the sky.
Romans 5:5 Now hope does not disappoint, because the love of God has been poured out in our hearts by the Holy Spirit who was given to us.
I am hoping that by writing this, I can finally let go. I have very few obstacles left to get over, but this could be the most challenging. Failure is not an option  and brain tumours, even benign ones, are like knickers or earrings, once youve worn them they cant be returned. So I need to beat this. To do it, to get past the walls of fear and doubt I have built around myself, will be the best gift I have ever given or received.
I think it is crucial to carve a space out for yourself. It doesn't have to be an entire room. But a little cozy spot that says relax and unwind. We all need to recharge from time to time and my spot is a soft place to land when I am having a rough day.
Hours later, they check me again and I'm at 10cm but Emma is still way up high. I knew laying down was a mistake, I knew I wanted a yoga ball and a squat bar, I knew I didn't want medication! I couldn't feel the urge to push! They said we'd wait an hour to let Emma drop a bit and then start pushing. An hour later, I still didn't feel the urge to push. I did however continue to feel pain to the bone in my right hip. I start pushing... nothing's happening. Both OB's come in (neither of which I had met prior to this day) and I continue to push... nothing's happening. An hour later, I'm still pushing. The OB sees that Emma is facing up (the opposite of the way a baby is supposed to face). The OB reaches in there, grabs Emma's skull and turns her around. Aaahhh... that felt interes-"oh wait, she turned back." The OB reaches in there again, grabs Emma's skull and turns her around again, this time, she doesn't let go. That's right, I pushed for 20 minutes with the OB's hand holding Emma's head so that she didn't flip back over! Don't try that at home!
The Working Mans club on Barton Street is now the Friendship Caf, dedicated to the benefit of (Sunni) Muslims. At least three properties on Charles Street have been bought up so that an Islamic centre, with parking, can be built at the back. The Barton & Tredworth Community Trust runs a madressah. Its trying to sell the premises, due to financial mismanagement, but theres little danger that a new venue wont be found for the madressah if the new owners dont want to share the building.
Held to mine
- Jim Lamb, Queensland Australia, 31/3/2012 05:00
If you feel led, please pray for both of us.
It could be said that Lee did help revive the character when in The Avengers #4, an issue that he wrote, the super hero team discovers a frozen Steve Rogers in the arctic. After thawing him out in the kitchen sink they put him to work by making him their new team leader. Welcome to the 60s Captain America! Now get to work.
This process can and has happened under a gold standard. Whenever new, large, supplies of gold were discovered, the increased money supply set the business cycle into motion. The gold standard is not perfect. However, the effects of newly created money have been much more severe and much more prevalent under government, paper money regimes. It isnt hard to understand why. Even the most productive gold mine in the world cant create money as fast as a printing press or a computer entry.
He made sure I always had an air conditioner in working order when I stayed at the farm.
Given by Papa God, March 5, 2012
back and forth
Denny Hamlin. Denny is so strong at his home track. He was came from nowhere in last nights Nationwide race to come up a lap short of the victory. He was quick in practice and qualified in the top 10. If Denny is not our first back-to-back winner this season, Ill be disappointed. The only person Denny has to beat at Richmond is himself.
With more games coming very fast, I just hope that we dont suffer anymore injuries because our rivals have been reinforced.
That seems to be a sticking point for some people. Probably because they take it out of context. When a man and a woman dance, only one can lead. The woman is probably the better dancer, and may have even taught the man how to dance; but they both cant lead. The man leading isnt disrespectful to the woman. In fact, in leading, the man is parading or displaying with pride, the beauty of the woman in his arms.
So what happened to Jen? There are a number of theories about what causes schizoid personality disorder but unlike some of the other personality disorders the jurys still out on this one. One thing that does keep cropping up is a family history of bi-polar disorder. So with half the book written I went back and grafted a mother into the picture. Up until this point all we know is that she died when Jen was a teenager. Id mentioned cancer but all that changed. And her dad? Well Id already painted him as a workaholic but I modified his character to make him a man who escaped into his work as opposed to a man whose job defined him. Again none of these decisions radically changed the story but its details like this that flesh out a character. And of course all these details are dribbled out over the course of the whole book; I hate long chunks to exposition and Star Trek is just awful when it comes to its information dumps.
off to the south
Right - leave you with this. I went on about this band last year when I first heard them, Mrs F got me their dbut album "Barton Hollow" for Christmas. This is the simply fantastic The Civil Wars with Poison and Wine.
Duties (But not restricted to):
online
*sigh* yet another surgery is coming up for Eli. This will be his 5th surgery and he is only 4yrs 4 months. :( He will be having a revision done to his nose. The last time it was done it didn't heal very well. Now his nostril and nasal cavity on the left size is smaller than the eraser on a pencil.
Anyway, while I'm working out/sledding, I watch something. Preferably, a show that will make me pine for the next episode, so that I'll be motivated to work out again.
When my sister and only sibling, Elizabeth, died from a brain tumour at the age of 29 in August 1987, I found myself turning to poetry for succour, consolation and a deeper view of things. I called on Keats, Coleridge, Wordsworth and other English Romantic poets; I visited Lorca, Levertov and RS Thomas. I also began walking more and more, and further and further. In the simple act of walking, in the natural human activity of placing one foot in front of the other, I encountered a kind of fragile peace; and the sublime scenery I often walked through seemed to provide, at least partly, a benign and numinous response to my unanswerable questions.
As I was thinking about this the other day I was reminded of President Wilford Woodruffs experiences when he was young. Often, when referring to President Woodruff, we speak of The Manifesto which ended the practice of plural marriage in the Church, or we talk about his meticulous journal keeping. As prophet he not only saw the Church through some of the most difficult of trying times, but he also led the Saints through jubilation as the Salt Lake Temple was finally dedicated and as Utah became a State. That he was a man raised up of God with a mission and purpose is without doubt for those who have studied his great life. And nowhere is that more evident than when you read his own account of his youth.
So. Here I am, borrowing my wench's 'puter, 'cause my modem is mangled, inoperandi, kaput, gone baby gone. In other words, it just don't work no more.
My suspicion was that of all beers these were the least likely to go flat after a few hours. I was not disappointed. Mostly due to what was available at the Dorstvlegel beer store in Antwerpen they were all of (almost) the same "vintage"- a fact I was quite content with as I started my tasting session, since these are prime examples of beers that develop over time.
Dear Jillian Michaels,
Chang may yet have his day in the sun, however, as the ongoing political crisis in China reveals the institutional weaknesses of one-party rule.
SATURDAY MORNING OATMEAL (serves 2 hungry people)
Love Actually
One of the horrors of addiction is that, as the addictive substance becomes less and less satisfying, and its negative effects mount over time, it becomes even more necessary to consume more of the substance to provide escape from the greater and greater suffering the substance is causing.
(There is a guest wearing a t-shirt that has an outline of the Great Lakes on it.)
On Monday, April 16 the temperature reached 85 degrees with clear skies at Monmouth University. Countless students put their studies on hold and spent the day at the beach.
The band has toured heavily behind their albums and gained the reputation as being an explosive live act. In 2010, The Pack A.D. released the album We Kill Computers, an album which took two years to make, but one that was recorded live to analog tape in under two weeks, it was also the longest gap between releases for the band. But this does not deter or take away from the album, one that was essentially born on the road and one that focused more on the bands Garage and Punk influences and it reflects that. The album featured songs such as Deer, B.C. Is On Fire, and Catch all add to the overall heavier Rock dynamics of We Kill Computers.
Prizes are picked randomly, so anyone can win! And better yet, you can send in your cards to be donated to children in one of seven hospitals. See here for more details!
Last Sunday, I woke up early to jog. Ive been trying to lose weight lately so I thought that a jog would be beneficial for my goal. But that was just a secondary reason why I woke up early on that particular day. Tito Ortiz was scheduled to slug it out against Rashad Evans while Sexyama will attempt to cement his status in the UFC as one of its middleweight contenders. UFC 133 was the reason why I was up by 7 am last Sunday. I was really excited with the match ups, especially with the Ortiz and Evans bout, since their first fight ended in a draw last 07. Another thing that got me fired up was the fact that Ortiz was coming from a terrific performance just a month ago at UFC 132, the images of Ortiz squeezing the air out of Bader was still fresh in my mind, after all that was just a couple of weeks ago. It was interesting to see Ortiz fight again, since I consider him as one of the most entertaining MMA fighter around.
After Walter dropped the girls off in Virginia Highlands, they walked down the row of bars, smokey and music filled. They enter the first bar, The Dark Horse, and were met by a familiar college party scene. They left after only a few minutes, deciding they had graduated from the scene of dumb drunk girls and eager boys. (Ok, maybe not, but they just weren't feeling it last night.) Their ears led them down the street to a New Orleans blues club, Blind Willie's, where there were some pretty sweet sounds coming from within. Drinks were ordered, small talk was made. But neither Jeannie or PeyPey were having the time of their lives, which they were desperate to have, having had such an awesome time at the concert. Now, don't get the wrong idea, they had fun - the beer was cold, and there was some good people watching; but it just wasn't meeting their expectations. So at about 1:15 a.m., they made the call to Walter to take them back to their hotel.
Yes, that is a word...well a word I use A LOT, so to me that counts enough to make it a valid word!
Used to the blue tears, blue sorrow
-glazed pecan
Finishing the caramel buttercream frosting: Place butter and vanilla in a bowl and beat on high until butter is pale and fluffy, about 3-4 minutes. Turn mixer speed down to medium and add powdered sugar  cup at a time. Beat until combined. 3. Add in caramel sauce and beat until combined.
To get everything ready I picked out my paint colors and got everything painted. Thanks to Lisa's advice that the plates won't actually sit right next to each other I made sure and got a good coat of paint on top of the table. The paint color matches the magnet board I made for their room and coordinates well with the other colors in there (I promise we're finally getting close to their room being done so hopefully I'll have a full reveal SOON!).
"My mama and daddy had certainly left me a mess to sort out, and I couldn't think of a single verse of scripture that was going to comfort me as I came to terms with an adulterating daddy, a resurrected mama, and an expectant mistress with an imaginary fiance."And another author I met was Paul Von Ward, who wrote Soul Genome. I've run into him a time or two since I first met him two years ago, and he has signed three of his books for me: Our Solarian Legacy, The Soul Genome, and Gods, Genes, and Consciousness.
Castella, (or Kasutera) soft, delicate with sweet aroma, is a highly popular Japanese sponge cake, raised only by the air incorporated into the eggs and oil-free. The origin of castella is believed to have come from Portuguese merchants who introduced European sweets to Nagasaki Japan in the 16th century.
Here are the masterpieces:
Because of his social position the boy was educated by the greatest scholars of his day. For several years between the ages of eight and twelve he remained under the tutelage of one of the most respected Greek scholars in the nation, who held the chair at Cambridge University in Civil Law and wrote the book that most strongly influenced government officials in determining policy. From age twelve to thirteen or fourteen he was tutored by one of the greatest antiquarians of the time, an Anglican prelate whose name can be found penned on the back of the oldest literary document claimed by England, perhaps the most famous document in our literary heritage, that of the Old English epic, Beowulf, together with the date "1562, " a year when it is known that the boy was with him.
Now, Derby Day  for our friends beyond the shores of these United States  is the final day of the two-week Kentucky Derby Festival held in Louisville, Kentucky every year. It is the day on which the Kentucky Derby is held and when a great deal of money changes hands depending on whose pony is fastest. One is apt to see enormous hats on the women, much linen and seersucker on the men, and enormous quantities of bourbon consumed by each.
So Ive got 3 weeks worth of DO Life Lesson ideas but I need probably 20 + more week ideas. Any thoughts?
High tenacity rotor wing.
No? Didn't think so.
mail waiting in a tray for me -- my son was under strict orders to take it in and protect it from
The dreaded clich, "Ignorance is bliss", is frighteningly true. Some folk love to impersonate an ostrich. They delight in not reading books or following television debates. They derive freedom in having no or too few moral convictions, spiritual precepts or intelligent political ideas. They simply exist, almost sloth-like, in a near-vacuous state of inertia. They hope life will reward them with a modicum of food, drink, sex, sleep and an untaxing hobby like watching a local game of soccer.
How we spent our Saturday. Well, our 20-Falls was bitter windy cold. Miserable! But, I didn't let that stop me! I powered up and kicked my legs into gear and ran and ran. Training for a beasty 1/2 marathon. My ears have been aching and I have just felt cold all day from that chilly run. But, I ran and ran, 10.5 miles! Not bad for this chic-a-dee!!
I just keep trying to think positive, that everything will be okay. I'm giving him his space and I'm not contacting him...I need to create a change. I am just thankful I have work tomorrow and school the rest of the week... I feel so anxious.
Ive been asked a few times why water efficient shower heads, or flow regulation devices, arent suitable for electric showers. There are two main reasons.
And yet, I know that this battle MUST go on until the very end; I know that some may fall and that others will be exalted in the worlds eyes.but God WILL prevail when the dust clears. Those who fall will be restored, and those who were puffed up in the worlds eyes will be laid low.
On the day parts of Arizona's immigration law, SB 1070, went into effect, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio is in the news for another reason: there's a price on his head - allegedly offered by a Mexican drug cartel.
But luckily I am pretty good at dreaming up things to do, or re-do. Our next-door neighbor got a new job and moved to Waco, and as part of their move they gave us their smoker. We already have a gas grill, but the smoker allows me to cook items over charcoal and throw in some wood smoke to boot. Weve cooked ribs, turkey, and chicken so far. The problem is, we dont really have a place for it. Because it uses charcoal for fuel, it is not a good idea to put it on the deck or near the wood siding of the house. We have a large area near our rain tank, but the ground is covered in bark mulch. It is a disaster waiting to happen. The solution is for me to install a flagstone patio. Ah, a project. And it requires digging. Even better. Suddenly I spring back to life after a languid summer of hiding from the heat inside the house.
Approaching the castle, it appears to squat despondently, looming large until the massive walls dominate the view. Flocks of cawing crows and jackdaws buffeted by the wind in the sullen sky only add to the sense of eerie and timeless remoteness. But like much of the coastline here, it also feels transient, ephemeral. Up close, the stonework is crumbling (so much so that, despite renovation work in recent years, it is now only open for guided tours), the individual blocks of sandstone and Caen limestone heavily weathered, gradually dissolving, the flesh wasting away to leave a skeleton of mortar. The entrance is padlocked shut, such that I am only able to view the crumbling keep fleetingly from behind barred gates, or through decaying window arches in the D-shaped bastions. But it seems an appropriate way to visit: the castle still retains its sense of foreboding and impenetrability.
Kenner action-figures let us get up-close and personal with a select few cantina regulars, and also provided their names (only Greedo is called by name in the film). Aside from Greedo, just three aliens made the cut, with names that would have looked right at home on a B-monster movie marquee: Hammerhead, Walrusman and Snaggletooth.
A sculptor's sweet commissioned grace
Fadiah stressed that it was still early for such speculation as things would happen in due course.
In the letter, Gadahn offers suggestions on how to communicate with western media, including the idea of offering a handful of journalists a chance to interview high-ranking al-Qaida members, including bin Laden, for the attack anniversary. Gadahn also chastises Western media for not challenging U.S. officials and condemning the jihadist movement.
As late as June 8, 2006, the FBI page stated: Usama Bin Laden is wanted in connection with the August 7, 1998, bombings of the United States Embassies in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and Nairobi, Kenya. These attacks killed over 200 people. In addition, Bin Laden is a suspect in other terrorist attacks throughout the world. When asked why there is no mention of 9/11 on the FBIs web page, Rex Tomb, the FBIs Chief of Investigative Publicity, is reported to have said, The reason why 9/11 is not mentioned on Usama Bin Ladens Most Wanted page is because the FBI has no hard evidence connecting Bin Laden to 9/11. Additionally Vice President Dick Cheney said, Weve never made the case, or argued the case, that somehow Osama Bin Laden was directly involved in 9/11.[21]
The photo of cherry blossom dating by Park Yoochun and Han Ji Min was made public.
Having said that, John Iamarino knows that some of his schools have fewer options than others. Thats the nature of the SoCon and its disparate membership. It would be interesting to know which school drew the commissioners wrath for its less-than-acceptable scheduling. If I had to bet, I would put my money on Chattanooga.
back and sooner than i thought!
"Seriously?" I ask. "What's up? Is everything okay?"
Above all, quacksalvers held out hope to those who otherwise could not be cured, or did not have access to care. They're still with us today: you can hardly avoid encountering them. (I call them "pharmaceutical companies", but that's a cynical post for another time.)
65.129852 , -147.470623
A few weeks ago, we tried their newest venture: flavor tripping with the miracle berry. It was a 6-course meal complete with pairings where the miracle berry was used to enhance or detract from certain flavor profiles. For instance, once you take the miracle berry, it tricks your taste buds into thinking you are tasting sweet instead of sour, or sweet instead of bitter. It also brings out umami flavors and rounds out dishes.
X or K use your secondary weapon
According to him if those youth involved in the recent violence were employed it would have been difficult for them to be swayed by some politicians to cause trouble during elections.
I am of course delighted that he's back home. I hadn't realised quite how much I had missed being able to chat in the evenings, and to sit with him on the balcony in the mornings drinking coffee, before he set off to work. It's also so helpful that he can now get my shopping for me on his way home from work, to save me struggling on the bus and up the hill with heavy bags.
UPDATE: By the way, contra Hatch, a DOJ conclusion that an antitrust law violation exists isnt any more dispositive than Mark Shurtleffs conclusion. Theyre prosecutors who will still need to get the courts to agree with them. And if youre looking for a few reasons why that may not be as much of a slam dunk as Hatch suggests, here are some.
The jury is still out on that one....
I would love to create a school, one day. An academically selective school, but one based on Ken Robinsons views on a need to 'change the paradigm' and encourage 'educational revolution'. I would accept children as young as two or three years old, if they had the ability, but some might not start schooling until eight or ten. For 'primary school' the students will be exposed to all areas of learning - sport, science, arts, humanities and so on - equally, without bias or the notion that one is more important than the other. Children would be grouped purely by ability and aptitude for a particular subject. When a student reached a level we would associate with the start of high school, a few areas of interest and ability will be selected and pursued at a higher level, whilst other subjects are taught purely for application; maths, for example, would be taught with the relevance and application to daily life in mind, as opposed to abstract and complexity that would confuse a child without the inclination. Then when the student reaches the final two years of schooling those subjects will be dropped entirely and only a few subjects will be pursued into a level far beyond what we would associate with high school. There would be no set age for graduating - some might graduate in early teens, others at twenty or later.
The basic premise can be discussed and dismissed briefly: a young warlord, Arslan, from the fictional Central Asian country of Turkistan, has bluffed and threatened his way into gaining control of a secret Soviet anti-missile laser system (SDI a decade before the "Star Wars" program was ever announced to the American people). In short order, the major governments in Europe, the Soviet Union, China, and the United States surrender. Arslan and his soldiers, Turkistanis and Russians alike, suddenly set up camp in the small American town of Kraftsville, where Arslan regales his troops with a victorious gathering topped off by the raping of two selected youth: a female and a male, Hunt Morgan, who later becomes one of the novel's two narrators. From this graphic scene, Arslan comes and goes in Kraftsville (or District 3281) over intervals of several years for the next two decades.
It's finished, framed and hanging on its wall. I'm very happy with the result, so in a few weeks, I will start my new project... another from Randal Spangler. The train is stitched in Aida !8 DMC 1 over one.
I am completely absorbed in my kid.
Fascinating, because who knew that Mother was a genre (Mamma Mia!)? Or that The Matrix falls
From....one tired mom of boys.
Vidit et est vestrae si tanta potentia plagae,
Most mornings. BadDad had to go away overnight on business last week. We missed him, but I handled things fine on my own. I got dinner, spent time with the kids, got them to bed, and everything locked up for the night.
The plot centres around two kingdoms, one powerful, Halladren, the other, Idris, in decline. Halladren has replaced Idris as the strongest power in the region, but the Idrian monarchs still hold a claim to the Halladren throne. To make matters more interesting, the religion of Halladren is considered an abomination by the Idrians. As the novel opens, there is to be a marriage between the daughter of the King of Idrian, and the God King of Halladren.
The curl of my lips.
This is not an abstract philosophical question but a profound spiritual contem plation that can take you to the essence of what it means to be alive. Why did some thing come from nothing  and become light, energy, matter, life, consciousness and you  14 billion years later reading these words?
First, prepare the pork. Coat the pork tenderloin with the canola oil. Combine the spices together and then coat the pork all over with the spice rub. Place the pork in a sealed plastic bag and refrigerate for 1-2 hours.
Furthermore, given the evidence that significant numbers of immigrants are actively hostile to the native population and its culture, the effect on the native population when those groups become a majority can only be guessed at .
An East Texas man condemned for a fatal shooting during an abduction and robbery at a convenience store lost an appeal Wednesday at the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals.
Watches are the accessories that not only are considered to be the explicit fashion accessories but also provide unlimited functionality attributes as well. Gone are the days when the watches were only used to manage time in an efficient manner. The watches of today are complemented with various other features which the users can choose according to their needs.
Caballe
Soon after Armendariz touted the EPAs philosophy, the EPA began smear campaigns against natural gas producers, Inhofes office noted in advance of todays Senate speech:
Such a lot has happened since I last spoke to you all, BarjanB Crafts opened on December 1st, with ribbons being cut by Robert Addams (papercrafts) and Monica Winfield (local Radio Celebrity) and chmpagne corks a poppin by everyone. The shop is so well stocked with all manner of crafty things to help all crafters fulfill their crafting dreams. We stock, Molly Bloom, Indigo Blu, WOW! Tando, tonic, Tim Holtz, Zutter, Creative Expression, Crafters companion, and so so much more. My new web site should be up and running in the next few weeks, so keep your eyes peeled. If you would like a list of up and coming workshops, just email me.
For me, the hardest part of being so sick the past 5 weeks, was knowing that I was missing out on life and doing all of the fun things with my husband, children and friends here in Germany. Now... I wake up every morning and feel like it is another Christmas morning with a big ole wrapped gift of energy waiting for me.
Po approaches the counter and sets a sixer of IPA's thereupon.
It's always amazed me that the bond between humans and animals can run so deep that they will accompany us through the worst hell we can create. I'm looking forward to seeing this. People of blogland, are you planning on seeing any movies over the holidays?
My first thought was relief; the young actors playing Prosper, Bo, the Thief Lord and the other children are perfect. The movie was filmed on location in Venice, and the city, with its mix of old and new and with hints of magic everywhere, was beautifully captured. Readers who loved the book will enjoy this film; and viewers who didn't read the book will have no problem following the story.
...something is significantly wrong with a creature that sacrifices its children's lives to settle its differences.
D  Audio frequency power amplifier
The news is devastating for many other authors who were writing books for Frances Lincoln, authors who had seen the high production values in place and were delighted to work with such a wonderful team. To mention just one, Jane McLoughlin's book At Yellow Lake is due to be published in a few weeks' time. I read a preview copy and so did my 12-year-old son, we were both captivated by Jane's story. My son said it was the best book he'd read all year, and asked me to buy him a copy of the book when published - this is a boy who never re-reads anything.
our family a huge blessing without asking. The week before I arrived my sister was at her bank doing
Singing with the Ood. The Doctor flung himself across the console, yanked on a long chain, and skidded to a halt in front of a TV screen that dropped out of the ceiling. There, he announced, waving one hand at the grainy image. Amy seemed to be shouting something, but there was no sound. The Doctor leaned in a bit closer, screwed up his eyes, and mouthed something back.
The charger itself consists of three parts, the wall socket and power lead, a small transformer and a proprietary USB 2.0 lead.
The disappointment did not end here.
Heat the oil, add the onion, fry until soft but not brown, remove from heat.
Amount Requested
The Fugitive
1. Say Okay, and then continue with your life.
Stay tuned for more after her Party on Saturday! Im just not sure if im looking forward to 20-30 little 7 and 8 year olds hanging out at my house swimming and sliding down the water slide we rented! I might need a drink or two after! LOL!
Screen: 14 inch Wide Clear SuperView HD LED backlight, 1366 x 768 pixels
reasons people are getting together to celebrate?
shots of the prim signs I make (and sell)...found several
Q&A
People everywhere were working outdoors or sitting in front of multi-colored shop fronts chatting over a beer or hot drink. Most wore jeans despite the heat, and typical Colombian-style hats to keep the sun off their faces.
48. Run off from coffee plantations decimates rain forests, kills fish, pollutes lakes and streams and eventually finds its way to the ocean. Coral reefs thousands of miles out from shore are dying from this pollution
At that time, I was still trying to put the last few finishing touches to Alan Moore: Storyteller for Ilex Press and attending to several other urgent freelance jobs, and the extremely short two-week deadline made it unlikely that Id find the time to be able to contribute. I racked my brains for some sort of positive, uplifting angle (as had been stipulated by the organisers, the ) and had pretty much given up on coming up with something worthwhile when I was inspired by a two-minute film in Channel 4s nightly series 4Thought while stir-frying some chicken and vegetables for that nights dinner.
has offices in Paris and in New York City. This
Every day, newspapers and magazines are filled with photos of war, oppression and violence. The photographer that enables us to watch what is happening in the rest of the world from the safety of our own homes, however, usually remains invisible. This is not the case in Black Passport, the biography of war photographer Stanley Greene, which appeared in book form in 2009 and will be exhibited in Foam starting on 16 December. Photos of conflict and disaster regions such as Rwanda, Sudan, Chechnya and Iraq are alternated with photos from the private life of Stanley Greene: photos of Paris and many women. Slide shows will also be presented, interspersed with texts from the book. Greene's voice resounds through the exhibition space - he is disconcertingly frank: 'I think you can only keep positive for eight years. If you stay at it longer than that, you turn. And not into a beautiful butterfly.'
Okay, that's out of the way.
He added, Because it is being conducted by CBS, the one-day seminar gives an intimate perspective on the casting process of network TV shows and mini series. This CBS workshop is focused on us because American Indians are the Invisible Americans on television
No more! Michelin has just sold the building to an insurance company for 110 million euros.
If you're in this kind of a marriage, I'd recommend both Love Must Be Tough and Boundaries. Both books show what is your responsibility in a difficult relationship, and what is not. And remember: the best way to get positive change in a marriage is often through realistic consequences, not by becoming a doormat!
2. My thoughts and prayers are with you (A tired clich)
Boston, MA
_ You can spend as many or as few hours as you wish.
Slice cheesecake into 36 squares. Place on a parchment lined sheet and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Over a double boiler, carefully melt white chocolate, taking care not to scorch it. Stir constantly and remove from the heat before all the chocolate is melted - continuing to stir will melt the rest.
Compassion:
I was thrilled when Katie asked me to guest post for her while her little booty was on vacay!
tomorrow maplesea is breaking its limit by patch till ver 1.00( so called ver 100!) i wanna see it when patch but i have school)
Today I got email from my old friend. Made me smile. Shes been away thinking, and came back with some newly found strength to carry on. That makes me happy to know. Ive never doubted she would pull through, and Im not going to start now.
The business plan is really just a description of what that individuals vision is, says Walker, explaining why the person who holds that vision is more relevant and important to a funder than a few Excel models. Once the fellows are accepted into the program, they earn a recoverable grant of up to $90,000 over two years, in addition to access to the Echoing Green alumni network, its 100-person advisory board, leadership development opportunities and one-on-one counseling. Each class develops the relationships often seen in a business school class, and Walker says the alumni continue to support each other well beyond the fellowship. The hope is that, at the end of two years, the fellows will be at a point in the startup journey where they can prove their worth to investors in order to secure scaling capital to take the project to the next level.
In honor of the repellant Hugo Weaving playing the repellant Red Skull in the Captain America movie, heres a couple of favorite scenes of mine from Super Villain Team-Up #16.
Tony Banks - keyboards, guitar, backing vocals
Act 3: Lessons are Learned
FACTOID: The film is set in the fictional town of Blithe Hollow, a nod to Washington Irvings Sleepy Hollow.
People, even more than things, have to be restored,
14 Melodie's Dilemma Penetrators 15 Summertime Summertime 16 Pan's Rock Panasonics 17 Rik-A-Tik Simon And The Bar Sinisters 18 Mongoose Boulevard Vibro Champs
Shoup is convincing in his argument that California is a bellwether for both U.S. historical trajectory and future possibility, given that since 1769 peoples from around the world have been meeting there under circumstances of the global political economy.
The first three days are the most grueling when the hunger pains are the worst after that my body will quiet down.
Fr Barron was only there for half an hour  a long day of travelling from Birmingham, via the Bird and Baby in Oxford, to London and a pretty demanding schedule quite understandably leaving him tired. But that didnt stop us having a good Q&A session in which Fr Barrons simple, effective, apologetic method  which is ably employed in the series  was on show. At the end, Fr Sherbrooke kindly left the last question to me  with, I hasten to add, about 3.4 seconds to formulate it!
Buying: As little as possible! Damn you January!
I turned up on the day with my offering, paid my 20p entrance fee and laid my little 'beauty' for all to see:
One food you would never eat?
group that stood
The best things in life arent freetheyre freely given.
This exhibition will be held at the Northwest African American Museum (Which has an amazing history of its own). Located at 2300 South Massachusetts St. Seattle, Washington 98144. October 29, 2011-May 6, 2012.
Humanitarian science
Estimated Price: $30 per paint can
I couldn't sleep. I couldn't eat. I cried for days, if not weeks and months. I'm not sure how I managed to put one foot in front of the other and keep going for my own sake, as well as our little boys, ages five and two.
I'm thinking upright Fuschia for the bottom and trailing Fuschia for the top - I luuuuurve Fuschia!
My husband, who was sent over there,
And we hear not (for the wheels in their resounding)
Cuts into 8-10 slices
In her drive to be the most she could be despite her disadvantages, Chelsi had become a symbol of strength for the community of people in that room. Her presence at the gym had motivated them to greater achievements for themselves. On that day in the gym, they returned the favor.
The most interesting conversation of the evening was with a man I'll call Santa (because why not? He was in red) who greeted me as if he knew me and started joking around with me; a woman who looked familiar; and a man I'd never met (ringless, but turned out to be married to the woman). Santa mentioned how often our paths cross in the parking lot near my office. I actually had no idea who he was. I can't recognize faces very well (a huge liability), and this came up in conversation. I mentioned how I say to a friend more often than I'd like "who was that who just hugged me?" So Santa asked if I recognized him when he waved at me and I admitted I did not. He asked if I knew who he was and I said I did now because he'd mentioned his first name in telling a story about a professor of his (and I'm good with names), but that I'd had no idea at the beginning of the conversation. (Did I mention I'm kind of compulsively honest in response to questions?)
This pastrami sandwich was really tasty, but I have to confess I removed about half the meat before eating. We'll think of something clever to do with it as soon as the appliance guys are out of the kitchen later this week.
For the next two hundred years the church was used as a storage warehouse for everything from horses to bicycles. In those years it also hosted boxing matches, car shows, and Christmas markets. In 2006, however, the right people got the right idea and turned it into the bookstore it is today.
Now I need enough to pay my bills, then I will be happy.
The obscene amount of lies in every single supposed fact and number that Obamas people displayed in the show.
Chapter 2 - Mountains
Saint Nicholas: A Blow For Christ
On Saturday afternoon we visited this place, which was quite fun, and put me in a mind of an analogy--if Schlitterbahn was a golf course, WaterWorks would be its putt-putt course. Similarly designed, much smaller. Also, less than 5 minutes from Pod's parent's house. The kids loved it, and even I was talked into riding the giant water slide. Once.
As for me, in matters of the soul, Im a devout agnostic. What astounds me, what has always astounded me, is not that so many people are so certain of their beliefs but that they excoriate people who dont share them. As a child, I repented for my doubt. Now I embrace it. Religious dogma is not verifiable; science is fallible. Uncertainty is the only belief system I feel sure of.
Mysterious keys
And then if need be a jury of twelve.
onEditNote: function(record)
An avenue of willow trees where green patches remain
08. Medusa
After rallies and meetings all day Monday in Sanford, Florida, where the shooting occurred, Trayvons parents are expected to appear on Capitol Hill Tuesday as the US Congress takes up the issue of racial profiling.
Grandma and I went to the post office to mail a book. I don't know why she took the book to the post office. I take my books back to the libary.. I think Grandma got confused.
Not sure we should actually be cheering.
This will be my third year in attendance and every year I have an even better time then the last.
My wit says no to all your nods
Special Sauce
The finishing beer was paired with a rich chocolate dessert and came in the form of Jamieson Brewery Raspberry Ale. Based on Jeff Whytes cracking-good APA foundation and featuring something like 40 kilos of fresh Jamieson raspberries per batch, it gives a big berry hit in the aroma and beautifully balanced sweet-and-tart mouthfeel which provides little hits of flavour as it goes down the trap.
Only one more street and Ill be home.
Even if I remain unsure of the turning of the year there are signs that cannot be ignored. In the morning, flowers no longer turn their dawn faces to the sun, they have produced seed, made hay while the sun shone, and shut down for the year. Some flowers bloom in the autumn, but the fragile flowers do not last. Wind blown they become broken within a week. Currawongs have returned, with their bouncing flight and wind up toy voices. The grass on the back lawn, a poor choice to be sure, grows green again and the tropical grass on the front lawn, a better choice by far, yellows in the failing light. Fruit glows on the branches of some trees, hidden by fences by day , found by bats at night. One makes a mistake and lands on a live wire, and hangs like a fruit itself. Air dried. Fruit bat indeed.
Cairns continued from there in a sort of haphazard way although we ended up finding a few herd paths to follow as we had to find better spots to cross the tops of the other waterfalls. Making our way further on the plateau proved a bit more difficult than it looked on the map. The map depicted nice wide contour lines which somehow wanted to translate into nice grassy meadow in my head even though I knew it wouldnt be anything like it.
I wanted to be a performance artist like Karen Finley and perform crazy monologues of the id with my tit out. I wanted to be naked on stage. I was a narcissist.
Selsors execution is next Tuesday.
Confession: I simply FORGOT to do it.
A-E, of course, stand for the various men I could feel I needed to let go of. Either those for whom I had remnants of feeling but who I had been told would never let it return, those like George, for whom I kept questions that may never be answered, and those who had hurt me the most in this strange journey we call life. I tucked the paper under a rock perched under the tree, ensured it was secure, kissed it goodbye and traveled on.
To make matters worse, a young girls body is found buried on the Carrington estate is unearthed years later and Peter is indicted for murderdays after he returns from his honeymoon with Kay.
His children rest assured
Chinese Lantern Gigantea - Similar to ground cherries and tomatillos, this plant produces a husked fruit that can only be eaten when fully ripe. The husks are bright orange, which I think will be a gorgeous addition to the foliage on the farm. I've had great luck with ground cherries in the greenhouse and am not sure how these will fair in our cool summer.
The guys also got rid of the outlet behind the cabinets and installed two above instead:
4) Work the pastry into a sticky ball with the pastry scraper.
Anyway, just wanted to give you all a little update and let you know I am still here. Sorry I haven't been posting much lately.
5. What object is closest to the viewer? How did the artist make it appear so?
I also purchased the Sheer Finish Pressed Powder in soft sand when I visited Buffalo. Darn you Canada, why are things so expensive... I got the powder for $34USD and it sells for $45CAD here.
Dont be in a rush when you visit. The knobs are not in control of their time. Bring a book and just be happy to see them when they can meet you.
Every night at 7 pm, 52 weeks a year, the homeless of Brighton and Hove are fed with sandwiches and given coffee and soup near the peace statue by the seafront. This is done by volunteers from St Mary Magdalen Church and volunteers from outside the Church who wish to join in and help to feed the hungry of Brighton. Tonight it is 7 degrees outside, but it will rain.
There is an irony here as well. At the time of taking this course, I shared a home with all the qualities (okay, except the vaulted roof) in this pictorial with my still healthy dog and husband of nearly 30 years as you will see when I, one day soon, share those photos.
Can you guess what that is children?
This Rasail Ikwan al Safa comprise fifty-two epistles, offering synoptic accounts of the classical sciences and philosophies of the age. Divided into four classificatory parts, they treat themes in mathematics, logic, natural philosophy, psychology, metaphysics, and theology, in addition to didactic fables.
Laws that have been enacted by a properly instituted and recognized branch of the government.
The man sprung to action and mumbled something in a language that only people who consider bi-monthly baths a treat would understand. He then shoved out his scaly paw and smiled , touching my arm.
In 2007, Feldman was chairman of the Leaders Club, a dining group for Tory donors who each gave a minimum 50,000 to party funds each year  they would have lunch or dinner in Mr Camerons office in the Common
Gert Ale  4.8%  Russett coloured strong ale
And Twitter, dear Twitter, I can finally tweet out pics, something that would be cumbersome (impossible?) with my not-very-smart phone.
The event began with a presentation from Derek Robertson, National Adviser for Emerging Technologies and Learning to Education Scotland. He demonstrated a range of digital resources that community initiatives can use to reach a wider audience. Using some excellent web and video examples, to illustrate his points, Derek also covered some reasons why digital agility will become an increasingly important skill for us.
Researchers examined the acidity levels in 13 sports drinks and nine energy drinks. They found that the acidity levels can vary between brands of beverages and flavors of the same brand.
More to the point, can someone say that Jesus is Lord but not acknowledge that He is God? I dont believe so.
My love is not a cage or box
The past 2 days have really tested my stress level. I have dealt with some of the worlds dumbest and most ridiculous people.
Written, directed, photographed and produced by Aaron Schock, Circo exudes the kind of tenderness and authenticity that can only be a labor of love. Perhaps such attitude is required for a documentary filmmaker to successfully tell the stories of these subjects, a family of traveling circus performers in rural Mexico whose lives revolve around the act every minute of their day. Led by ringmaster Tino Ponce, Gran Mexico Circo, though it is not as grand as its name suggests, is a pride filled family business, which has been passed from one generation to the next in Mexico since the late 19th century. Tinos childrenall four of them still school agepractice and perform everyday, mastering acts of contortion and the tightrope, which their aunts and uncles had done before them. But times have changed. Financial problems and family tension is threatening the Ponce family tradition.
Will the French fashionistas leap into spring? I think so... but I would bet that it will be a discreet nod to this season's collections not an all out scramble to replicate the look... Except that... French girls have been wearing the wedges, carrying the totes, sporting the pendants, loving leather and swinging their coats for many seasons... Perhaps flower power will make all the difference and sprout up via their scarves... xv
Piley
With social tolerance, we can live in a civil society extending friendship and showing respect and courtesy to people who differ from you, whether that difference is something as large as religious truth or as small as which sports team is superior. When people say that Jesus preached tolerance, He did preach this kind of tolerance, seen quite obviously in the commands to love our neighbors as ourselves (Matthew 22:39) and to love our enemies (Matthew 5:43-48). Not that those who differ from us are our enemies (in context, His listening audience would have understood enemies as those who wished them physical harm), but if we are to love even our enemies, how much more so our friends and acquaintances and all the people we interact with?
So Revelation 5:8-10 provides evidence against the 24 elders being the holy ones.They are not only spoken of as a distinct group, but the elders refer to Christians in the third person!
I painted this exactly one year ago, March 16, 2010. It was warmer then and a lot less snow.
God has BOLDLY revealed Himself so many times throughout this journey and continues to do so every day. He speaks to me through my husband, my family, my friends and even complete strangers through messages on this blog. Complete strangers who have recognized us and took the time to let us know theyre following along on our blog and praying for us. I had another one of those moments this morning at my doctor visit. (Thank you, Jenny!!!) Through these instances, God reminds me just how far Noras story has reached, how many people shes touched and how truly MEANT TO BE she really is.
As for the fact that the decree on the heroic virtues of Pope John Paul II and Pope Pius XII were promulgated on the same day, this does not mean that from now on the two causes will be paired. They are completely independent of one another and each will follow its own course. There is, then, no reason to imagine that any future beatification will take place together.
1148. Myazibushi @ Laughing Seed (Asheville, NC) 4:32 p.m.
It could be an exquisite and tasteful alternative to lingerie on your wedding night and continue to be a gorgeous nightgown for your newlywed life ... I also think it could create an amazing look as a swimsuit cover-up on your honeymoon - paired with metallic sandals, chunky turquoise jewelry and hints of a bright bikini peeking through ... It also transforms magnificently as a dress for cocktails at sunset - just pop it over a dressy top and slip and use a skinny belt to cinch the waist and voila, you have a gorgeously-updated-vintage look!
A new HH post to follow...
The hair has now grown to nearly 10 inches. In fact, the hair is so long he has to shampoo and comb it.
To get away from the crowd, there is the Library. There is also the Toa Payoh Park opposite the Bus Interchange.
Using a piping bag, pipe meringue mixture onto parchment lined baking sheets. Sprinkle chopped pistachio over meringue and put in oven at 175F for 40 to 45 minutes.
2 manufactured
** B/X is an abbreviation for "Basic / Expert," referring to two connected sets of D&D rules released by TSR in 1981. As it happens, this is the same ruleset that Labyrinth Lord, the newly-released "retro-clone," clones. Why buy and read the B/X books if I already have (and happily play) Labyrinth Lord rules, you may ask? Well, we old-school gamers tend to be a bit obsessed with our hobby, and some of us (inlcuding me) indulge our obsession (and our nostalgia) by collecting old versions of the rules. This is fun because despite Labyrinth Lord's status as a "clone," there are subtle differences between the original B/X presentation of the rules and that found in Dan Proctor's excellent Labyrinth Lord books.
Do we state professional? Microsoft Author the year 2010 makes it simple to develop and print out credit cards that make it appear as though youve employed the web designer and purchased them from the print out store.
There is an elegance to her work, a dignity. There is great intelligence as she unpacks her stories. Everything feels real. Nothing feels forced. There is the bounty of genuine knowing. Listen to this, from the early pages of SOLD, the story of a young girl forced to work at Happiness House. These are the halcyon days. This is before. Lakshmi is poor, and she has a gift for seeing beauty.
I checked her old posts on Stripper Web to see if she had said anything about this when I was writing it up. She hadnt, but I did find this old post of mine from October 14th, 2007 where I elaborated on something I wrote about previously.
Sports Fan: Wow
Tell yourself that you are the one doing the choosing, not the one waiting to be chosen. Girls want boyfriends just as much as you want a girlfriend. Theres no reason why you shouldnt be able to take control when meeting girls. Thats not to say you should be arrogant; its more about having a sense of your own worth.
A third of all deaths in children under the age of five in developing countries are linked to undernutrition. (Source: UNICEF Report on Child Nutrition, 2006).
Mothers, take good care of your daughters. Be close to them. Listen to them. Talk with them. Lead them from doing foolish things. Guide them into doing the right thing. See that they dress in a comely and modest fashion. Safeguard them from the terrible evils that are all about them.
.. and who knows whats more out there. Interestingly, all these websites are NOT containing the movies they stream. Both sites write more or less something like this We are not responsible for what other people upload to 3rd party sites, as they just LINK to other websites that do physically contain the movie file.
For more info: 775-224-9158
BODACIOUS SPACE PIRATES: The Japanese title is MOURETSU PIRATES, or Moupai in short. Actually, its based on a novels series titled MINISUKA PIRATES. Both the anime and the novels titel would suggest a hentai story (minisuka referring to miniskirt and moupai sounding similar to oppai  breasts). But Ive heard its suprisingly different and good. Cant quite think of in what way or how the story should go (female pirates in space?!?) but EXACTLY the reason why Im so curious!
Does that sound okay to you?
The company suggests letting your kids decorate their boards to get them excited about the program. You can order the board with your child's name. I decided to save a few bucks and made their names with paper on the Cricut machine, placed them on the board with re-positionable adhesive (Xyron sticker maker). The boards need to be in a well visited and easy to see spot in the house.
The 10,000 Caine award, known as the African Booker, is for a short story by an African writer published in English and is backed by the African Nobel prize winners Nadine Gordimer, Wole Soyinke, Chinua Achebe and JM Coetzee, with Booker winner Ben Okri as its new vice president. Novelist Bernadine Evaristo, chair of this year's judging panel, set out to find a shortlist of stories which "enlarge our concept" of Africa beyond the images which dominate the media  "War-torn Africa, Starving Africa, Corrupt Africa  in short: The Tragic Continent". She and her fellow judges found five tales which fulfilled her criteria: Nigerian Rotimi Babatunde's Bombay's Republic, Kenyan Billy Kahora's Urban Zoning, Malawian Stanley Kenani's Love on Trial, Zimbabwean Melissa Tandiwe Myambo's La Salle de Dpart and South African Constance Myburgh's Hunter Emmanuel.
Danzarin (4/26/2012)
The card inside is 3 3/4" x 2 1/4" I used the same paper. The ribbon is 10" long and is used to pull up the gift card.
Clean and wash the methi leaves and chop the leaves and keep it ready.
All you need is cream cheese (about 2 boxes of philly cream cheese), chopped green onion, shredded sharp cheddar, and crumbled bacon. crumble some pecans onto wax paper, and roll the ball until covered completely, and enjoy with your favorite cracker. There are no measurements. Add as much as you'd like. You can put anything you want in a cheese ball. When you put the bacon in, make sure to dab all grease off, otherwise it will make your ball runny. Bacon needs to be extra crispy too!
"With all of the Type A personalities in the room . . . . . . "
Like a gift from God, we had 5 days of summer-like weather last week. Although most of the snow melted in that warm spell pockets of snow in shady areas seem to never go away. This is one that persisted in the shade of a dense hemlock. Today is chilly being only the high 30's with a very strong wind. Sandals and shorts last week--back to my winter coat and boots. And I can still see snow in the shade of our neighbors' barn.
There was no way any images of my mash potato and avocado for guacamole were going to do the Smood justice so I thought I'd let the YouTube video do the demonstrating.
dusting off
When God at first made man,
So, here is why Plan Bee Swarm Catchers Group was created remember my comment about problems = opportunities? Here are some opportunities in disguise that we are looking forward to:
To the outside world, Daniel and Penny Cartwright have it alla lovely home, a beautiful daughter, successful military careers and a rock-solid marriage. But when Daniel makes a reckless mistake, the foundations of their marriage are shaken. Now he's got to act fast to keep hold of his precious wife. Daniel launches a campaign to win Penny back: he has just a week to do whatever it takes to make her fall in love with him all over again.
Kaffir Lime (daun limau purut) leaves, 5 pcs, cut into thin strips
Howdy Cowgirls and Cowboys. Theres a snake in my boots! Sometimes randomness is appropriate and giggle inducing. Other times its hippopautomaus.
So go and you can know too! :D
Another quiet day...
Babel, the biblical ancient city where its inhabitants, after the Great Flood, were one people speaking one language. Then God, in His almighty wisdom, decided to have them speak many different languages.
I am oh so happy this morning. Both the Senators and the Canucks pulled magic out of the hat last night and won their games. I watched both games  thats a lot of hockey  and I was nearly apoplectic at times, but my hopes and dreams have survived intact.
The settlers produce "German honey", bake bread from homegrown wheat, produce fruit and vegetables for sale, and knit their own woollen sweaters. Observers have noted that the far-right farmers have been able to profit from the cheap and spacious swaths of land left by a population exodus from impoverished states in the former East Germany, such as Mecklenburg.
In other countries, things are a little different. My cousin who lives in the U.S. says everyone envies her brown skin because she doesnt have to go sunbathing or go to expensive tanning salons just to have that sun-kissed glow. Then again, there are still racists in America, but thanks to the civil rights movement, these people are called out for their beliefs, and there is much discussion about this issue.
When one is going to go to a political rally, there are a few things one should remember.
Dear garden, I will be back. I delight in what you struggle to show off, so it is not wasted energy. I see you! I pull up a little stray seedling or dandelion in my small jaunts from the car back to the house after physical therapy or doctor appointments. But soon we shall spend more time together getting dirty and then just looking pretty.
To begin todays post, Id like to ask you a question. Not a deep and meaningful question, just a yes or no.
Specifically, this post contains photos of Amsterdams Red Light District and Sex Museum, including depictions of sex acts, disembodied body parts, a rusty chastity belt that will make you want to close your legs forever, and lots and lots of nudity. None of it is of real people (though there are photos of photos of people) and its all pretty tame, tbh. Links are also possibly NSFW  but you can use your own discretion here. We cool? Okay.
(First posted 28th June, 2011)
I finally convinced myself to get out of bed to find the repellent. I found the shelf where we had left it without making too much noise and jumped back into bed in a similar fashion to the way I did when I still believed there were monsters living underneath it. After reapplying the cream to every piece of exposed flesh, I also convinced myself that it would be best to sleep underneath the sheet despite the heat. Oh, do I hate these little bugs.
1.Dry roast dry chillies ,coriander and 1tsp of coriander for about 1-2 mins and keep aside.
These days that morning show happens to be the revamped CBS This Morning, but over my working life I have gone through each of the major morning shows and I tell you they all fall short in a way.
"It is alleged that commuters that were onboard the train that were caught without valid train tickets set the train alight."
6. Roy Ayers - Rock Your Roll
I went out to dinner with Cavanaugh again last night, this time to Terra Plata on Capitol Hill. I'm going to continue going out to eat with Cavanaugh because he really knows his food, and makes me try stuff I don't want to eat, such as crispy fried Brussels sprouts with maple and rosemary. I hate Brussels sprouts but I'll be damned if Cavanaugh wasn't right again -- they were nasty veggie divine.
Without their leader Kane (their story starts a little earlier, good luck figuring that out), Nod has been reduced to in-fighting between the warring generals. They wouldnt show you the execution unless this was you, the man who had to give up the coveted role of evil Russian henchmen #7 from whatever Schwarzenegger film they were shooting that year.
but not to make trouble.
I had the best intentions today. I really did.
The doctor then walked into the room and said, Why dont you tell us? What have you ingested tonight?
Heat enough gingelly oil, let crack the mustard seeds, cumin seeds, add immediately the chopped onions,curry leaves, saut until the onions turns transculent, chopped eggplants, cook for few minutes, now add the already cooked jackfruit seeds, peanut spice powder,salt and cook everything in simmer with lid closed until the veggies get well cooked, dont add water at all..
Somewhere, buried deep inside this blog amongst all my crazy ramblings, I talked about how my fascination with the space program inspired within me a lifelong love of learning. I also talked about how my socialization issues drove me away from the formal education system and, eventually, lead me to spending countless hours in public libraries, where I could study whatever I wanted without the fear and chaos rampant in public schools.
A hand on her behind?!
- the core activities of the controller or the processor consist of processing operations which, by virtue of their nature, their scope and/or their purposes, require regular and systematic monitoring of data subjects.
I have been having a hard time getting my act together with most forms of art but this one is just the best for me any way. I try to play around with lino cuts and I love all the things she uses, feathers, seed heads, rocks, sea weed and this has given me in a few minutes of looking at it so much inspiration.
Now on to the fun part!!!
To the rescue came Emma, my wonderful teen daughter.
1376 D-III/31/2001. Dreaming and Morality: From Plato to Freud and Back. Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
In 2011, MasterCard shares gained 70.78% while Visa gained 47.71%. However, as of date MasterCard as only increased 5.19% and Visa brings up the rear with only earning .11%. Some analyst predicted this turn in the market downgrading both the stocks fromneutral from buy. They argued their reasoning was that the shift to credit and debit cards from cash has slowed. During the 1990s, spending on cards exceeded overall consumer spending by about 9%. During the most recent decade, this slowed to about 6%, the report states.
For the back I finished it off as per this tutorial. I didn't have any double-sided tape in the house though, so it's just sitting there under it's own pressure at the moment.
.....as my son would say. He's only in Pre-K and already he can't wait for Friday's!!! Anyway, just wanted to give you a little look of the project I posted on the Maya Road blog this morning. If you're looking for a Mother's Day gift idea or just something for a girlfriend, this might do the trick.
(We are beginning to suspect Coco gets motion sick in cars. Fantastic!)
This time it's an altogether more sinister being which is struggling to get free of the bonds that constrain it and is pulling down the Crowfield Abbey chapel in the process. Young William is now bound to a mysterious and powerful fay with a scarred face and silver hair and it takes both of them and the Hob and the good Brother Snail to find out what is going on and prevent the spirit worshipped by the evil Dame Alys and her pet white crows from coming back.
To support security with collections, I do agree with many aspects of ACLRs security and precedures, although Im not too familiar with hidden markings. I feel rather uncomfortable marking originals unless there is some sort of identification marking for a negative surrogate. I will say, my department does initial interviews, registration, and screening outside the reading room. We also do not allow notebooks, big bulky coats, cameras, or other loose papers generally into the reading room with materials. We have asked patrons to review their notes and boxes they have used after they are finished in the reading room before. Most people are ok with that and so far, as far as we know, no reports of theft.
If he claims to be one of us, he is lying.
First President Obama told us that removing the 5% of the worlds oil supply that was provided by Iran with his sanctions, which are for the purpose of stopping Iran from doing something that it isnt doing anyway, would not affect the price of oil. We all know how that turned out.
If I am keeping him as my focus, I will be more present for him and be a better mother. And I'll probably even be more relaxed than being tied down to a rigid schedule and I know I'll enjoy him more! It's a win-win.
 to cry when Mufasa dies in Lion King. Thats a sad part, damnit! (yea CCB, Im talking to you)
One guy from my shift looks over at me and whispers You know Sgt. so and so thinks you tipped them off. I dont know why but this pissed me off. Rumors dont normally bother me but this questions my integrity. This officer calms me down and tells me that we all know we were not informed of this so dont let it bother me. I realized he was right and that Sgt was probably just trying to piss me off.
That's it, simple but I am reasonably pleased with the final result.
it is nine thirty and i am showering in a silent
- Ryan Hollins is the softest 7-footer in the league. I've said it before and I'll say it again, but if he was 6'11" he would not be playing Professional Basketball. He gets manhandled every time doen the floor. He made Jamaal Magloire look like a young Jamaal Magloire. He's terrible. He played 15 minutes plus. Hey coach. Please do not play him ever again. Can't wait for Semih Erden to be active. Even Samardo Samuels would have been a better option (apologies to #WNFYKirk, whom last week I expressed my opinion that Samardo should be in Canton).
This time that has passed has felt the essence of your presence
Yay! Monday! I love Monday because kids are off to school and hubby to work and I have the house all to myself. Although I don't have the house to myself at the moment. My in-laws are staying with me. But atleast there is a routine. I have since vaccumed, mopped the house, washed the clothes and prepared for lunch. So time to browse, check emails and write up this post.
It is not so much the fact that the North Koreans are a poverty stricken bunch, with every penny going to the military, while keeping its citizenry under control by threats of sending entire families (down the 4th and 4th cousins) to camps where they are detained until death) should a family member dare to speak out, or worse, attempt to leave the country  its the fact that they are not stable, by any reasonable measure  they are literally in the dark. The impending North Korean crisis is some what similar to the Iranian Revolution in 1979, where a westernized and modern nation was decimated by a group of religious zealots.
CD: So were through to July. The programme has been finalised between May and June?
Hed seen things you people wouldnt believe and, when he died, almost all those moments were lost in time, like tears in rain. His death went mostly un-noticed, but he intersected with History.
My friend Tommy Tomlinson went to Georgia, and we would both listen to Munson games and call each other with our favorite moments. One moment stands above all else. There was the night Georgia was playing in a rainstorm in Mississippi, and the sideline reporter Loran Smith -- "whadyagot Loran?" was the rhythmic and reluctant-sounding cry from Munson during games -- announced that with the lightning crashing all around him, he was going to leave the sideline and find safety.
I will not be making any further comments to the media on this issue, or any issues related to the investigation, until the independent and fully transparent internal BNP investigation has reported back its findings.
PRESS RELEASES FOR RCE? I can understand companies wanting to promote their own technologies, but Paid, Inc. is apparently publishing press releases over their decision to file an RCE.
So I was sceptical - along with gazillions of other fans, apparently. Colfer was even invited, randomly, by Facebook to join a group petitioning to stop him writing "Part Six of Three" as And Another Thing is so waggishly labelled. Being a sport, he joined.
So I've decided to take my ACT and enroll in College since we will be here for about 3 more years it seems even though I really don't want to be here for that much longer but where ever my husband is is my home. I'm really wanting to go for X-Ray Tech I think that would be a GREAT career I just feel behind cause all my friends are already graduated and I'm just now starting but Oh well at least I'm going...
Spearing  Will never be a first-choice Liverpool player, unless we accept that we will never again challenge for the Top 4; then, he might get a few games
But after decades of dormancy, the beer is back.
Imagine you and your best friend head out West on a cross-country bike trek. Imagine that you get into a fightthe cheap SOB wont kick in any cashand you stop riding together. Imagine you reach Seattle, go home alone, and start college. Imagine you think your former best friend does too. Imagine he didnt, that he was carrying more than $20,000 in cash the whole trip, and that now the FBI is looking for him. Imagine your world shifting....
I know you are enjoying the everlasting Light in which you now bask. You will show me around wont you?
And those little fantasies did happen.
It is said that 'things often happen for a reason' and I am a real believer
And they did a great job with beautiful
In the late 1950s, when Abba Eban was Israels representative at the United Nations, Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion ordered an especially murderous raid across the border.
It was only after she made up her version that I knew what my wool fabric was destined for. I would make another wrap top from Advance 7701, but this time in wool - a kind of kimono cardigan. As a further little twisty turn in the life of this pattern, Steph has now created her very own Kimono Wrap Top pattern using the original vintage pattern as a starting point. Her pattern is available for sale on Craftsy. I can't tell you how happy this makes me!
Even failures or kitchen disasters of any kind, have taught me several good lessons...although I have to confess, it takes more than a day for me to get over the great sense of disappointment from any failed attempts.
Forget Love for Now (JapanHiroshi Shimizu)
Not yours.
A film is nothing more than a collection of film-elements composed so as to create a whole. Film-elements unify to form film-situations, and these are modified by film-events which link up to form film-plots. But these plots need not be linear, they can be looped and twisted via strands of time, moving forwards or backwards or something more or in-between, creating spatio-temporal short circuits in a wide variety of ways, blasting events open as they are criss-crossed multiple times by plot lines and become multiple. And as characters, objects, and settings multiply and mirror each other, short-circuits are produced, in which the very continuity of any object, character, or setting can be seen as a repetition laden with difference in a film which is fundamentally crystalline, providing multiple pathways in time, of which linearity is only one option amongst many.
Each reading is unique and it is always a joy for me to be of service as a lightworker by connecting and passing on supportive, comforting, transformational and uplifting messages.
Colm's poetry features in issue 1 of the hippididippest new poetry magazine the Poetry Bus, as does the above illustration based on his poem. I've a couple of poems in there too, alongside a whole heap of talented people.
1. "Travelin' Alone"
How is my son? He is 21 years old. Depending on how you feel about methadone-- he has three months free of buying illegal drugs. B says that he has absolutely no desire to use. Amen! He struggles with everyday life, of course. He hates his boss, he says. I try to rephrase that way of thinking to be "he is frustrated with his boss". Sometimes, there are people who are given power in their position as a manager-- but they are lousy leaders. Still, my son shows up to work on time. I'm happy to see that. My mother always gave me that desire to be punctual to work-- even early. Because we've been experiencing some heavy rains, that shortens his work day-- thereby reducing his paycheck.
Rumor: Apple iPad mini to launch in October  A new report claims Apple is preparing to launch an 8GB iPad mini this October for less than $250.
In the last five years, contract costs have increased at nearly twice the rate of overall budget spending, reaching over ten billion in spent public funds, said Council Member Letitia James. The vast majority of these expenditures go towards personnel and professional service contracts, and there has been considerable evidence that some of these contracts are poorly-managed and lack needed oversight. I hope this legislation strengthens the Councils commitment to contracts review, and the overall goal of cutting costs and identifying savings.
*An Art Creating station with Scratch boards
Every unit must roll 3d before activating. Heroes, or units with heroes attached to them roll 4d. Check the result on the table below.
c. EIS (Enterprise Investment Schemes)
But you had probably guessed that already, hadn't you?
Former members of the board include: Walter Mondale, Condoleezza Rice, Newton Minow, Brent Scowcroft, Amy Pascal, John Reed, Charles Townes, Caryl Haskins, Walter B. Wriston, Frank Stanton, Carl Bildt, Donald Rumsfeld, Harold Brown, Robert Curvin, Pedro Greer, Arthur Levitt, Lloyd Morrisett, Lovida Coleman, Ratan Tata, Marta Tienda, Jerry Speyer, Timothy Geithner, Rita Hauser, Ann Korologos, and Bonnie McElveen-Hunter.
My previous blog article, part 2 last week, began with a mouse on the bike saddle. A few days after the post was released on the blog, I received a few more photos on more outdoor bike art.
So thats it for the 2010 season, its been an amazing journey and I have really exceeded my expectations and cant wait for 2011 its going to be epic!!! The next month Im going to focus on my running form and slowly start to get back into things. Ill probably officially start training for 2011 in February but things will start to ramp up in January. Many many thanks to all my sponsors for 2010 you all have really helped so much. And to my friends/family whos support and inspiration I drew on every day in training/racing. Happy Holidays/New Year to all!
.and so on. When I felt the need to start fact-checking the authors research, it spoilt my enjoyment of the book.
Never mind! This is Norby (pictured) singing a Cuban love song.Norby was a guide for me during my visit.I visited her home & met her Family & she even introduced me to The Bishop Of Havana!
You will have read between the lines when I wrote the previous article that I was not optimistic that this outrageous form of barbarism will die out any time soon. Quite the contrary. Cases like these are put into sharpest perspective by other real-world truths.
Scrappy Jacobs Ladder- started 2 yrs ago
It wants crimes committed by immigrants to fall under a special category, with their sentences carried out in special detention centers where the immigrants are put to work.
Unfortunately, mass casualty incidents have become more and more frequent both worldwide and here in the U.S. A mass casualty incident takes on several names with suicide bombing, active shooter, and multi-prong attacks being the most common. The primary goal of all of these incidents is the same: kill and maim as many people as possible while maximizing fear and chaos.
10. Add lime juice and 1 Tbsp tequila. Increase speed to high and beat until the frosting reincorporates and is smooth and fluffy. Beat in remaining tablespoon of tequila, if desired.
Banana-Nut Bread (page 35)
THE Q and A is in 3 parts. This is our higher education at work, dedicated to creating and maintaining a brain-dead generation incapable of thinking for themselves. They proudly marched in lock-step with the Islamic Fascisti and their Marxist comrades. Fools and tools. Surly and smug as they lectured the speakers.
Danny Murphy
The days are hot with fire and I am sharp, acidic, acute.
Then he offered a historical argument that seemed very 2004. Sliwa recalled the deplorable state of the area around Atlantic Terminal in the 1950s. The Fort Greene Meat Market (long cleared for the Atlantic Terminal Urban Renewal Area, or ATURA), he said, was part of a Brooklyn in disarray: prostitutes, drug dealers, and low-lifes.
UK Publisher: Universal Music Publishing
The JTC charges that Adams, while represented by counsel, frequently called Brennans office concerning her case, and persisted in doing so after being advised that such contact was inappropriate. The JTCs complaint alleges Adams, while under oath, denied she had made the calls.
Off the boys and I went this morning.
What does such criteria say about womens goals for relationships? Are they really interested in marriage and parenting? Do they really care if their children have a relationship with God throught faith in Christ?
And now the first ever NOT From Here Are You? E-chapbook. If you'd like one of your very own, follow the link below the book to the site where you can get the embed code and/or download a PDF version. If you are technically challenged let me know and I'll email one to you along with much ridicule and scorn.
but for a while, and to our mutual chagrin,
Anyway, because this is the internet and freedom of speech exists here, Ive compiled a series of responses to the question of your qualification because you chose to go to college.
Back it: Bray +1 is 13/10 with Paddy Power. As mentioned, they won four times against UCD last season. It may be a weaker Bray side but they are capable of frustrating any opponent in the league.
Westminster has passed over 300 major laws, like the Civil Contingencies Act, to "harmonise" our laws with the EU's. The loss of freedoms and emerging police state is the result.
You and I are told increasingly that we have to choose between a left or right, but I would like to suggest that there is no such thing as a left or right. There is only an up or downup to a mans age-old dream, the ultimate in individual freedom consistent with law and orderor down to the ant heap totalitarianism, and regardless of their sincerity, their humanitarian motives, those who would trade our freedom for security have embarked on this downward course. -Ronald Regan
23-We're Not Gonna Take It
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 7x3 inch loaf pans.
Why do Muslims hate the West? Despite the fact that there are more than a billion Muslims in the world, they believe they are under attack. Defending Islam is their number one concern. They also believe they must impose an Islamic caliphate on the entire world
And yet, while it would be great to see a quality licensed title today, there was a time when games were simpler, when good games were able to be made in 6 months to a year (or less), regardless of whether or not the subject was licensed property. It seems that there were more good licensed games back in the 90s than there are nowadays, and most of them were games based on popular Disney movies/shows of the same time period. And despite the fact that Mickey had some great games of his own back in the day, this article will be focusing on Disneys other cream-of-the-crop games, and it all starts with one of the best and most loved NES games
For whoever would save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for my sake will save it.
Whenever I find myself
The murder case of the three black male adults who are accused of murdering the captain of the Westonaria High School team, Louwrens Gebhardt, 18, has been transferred out of the Westonaria Regional Court, to the Magistrates court in Protea Soweto  purportedly because the investigating police feared that the murdered young mans father -- a retired police officer -- could influence the court proceedings in Westonaria.
but of course...this fun journey would not have been possible without the King of Distress...Tim Holtz...our cool "Professor"...he's a great teacher...full of inspiration with a great knowledge of the products he loves...his extraordinary talent and great sense of fun guided us all step-by-step through the Creative Chemistry 101 Online Class...can't wait for the next one and remember it's all about enjoying the journey and learning to...
This is the sixth book I've reviewed for the British Book Challenge, which means that I'm halfway through the challenge, although I've already read Firebrand, The Blackhope Enigma, Puddle Goblins and literally just finished The book of dead days for this challenge. Not for the challenge I read Skullduggery Pleasant, so there are some reviews to come yet!
For you, Marton & Lani, happy anniversary. Remember the yesterdays, plan your tomorrows and celebrate your today. God bless both of you.
Shook it to death.
It is unclear whether Levi was attracted to Sunny because of her youth (20 years old), or her chin (which reminds him of Bristols new chin that he never got to enjoy.)
I have always loved this dish growing up when my mom made it, so Im not surprised that both of my girls love it. Its very simple yet delightful and quick to fix. You cant beat that when you are a busy mom. I think that kids like this dish because it slightly has a sweet taste to it as it calls for sugar in the recipe.
Just a little bit about these ingredients and their benefits:
27. Hummingbirds are the only creatures that can fly backwards.
The scribe at The Brew Site also got one of these mystical, mixed six-packs of Cinder Cone and Red Chair  and on Christmas Eve no less? Christ, Im not living right.
Jimmy Swaggart - Will The Circle Be Unbroken
2. BACKGROUND
It's kind of awesome how blogging provides a way to get sponsors like this for me as well as deals like this for anyone who reads blogs. Like a club with serious discounts. I personally have used the discount code off of numerous other blogs and their sponsored offers over the years including most recently for baby products for Ever. Thanks for reading. xo
My grandparents were indeed married for life. They were pillars of their community and the strongest positive examples of traditional sex, marriage, and gender roles I can account for in my personal experience and interactions with such paradigms. Though, they didnt uphold traditional roles as inborn, un-bred, or against all reason and practicality; in lean years, mom, pop, and all five of their French Canuck kids hit the fields just rows away from one another, under the same working conditions, and on the same wage for the sake of the familycooperation and cohesion were their primary objectives.
So, Happy Thanksgiving! Knowing how dark this world can be, I hope that you can find some little light in your life to be thankful for!
They claimed that they had to work 364 days a year and had not been paid since December.
Changing the education system is similar to weight reduction, only enormously more complicated.
So much has happened with my new found love of writing over the last two years, that I figured I should have a place to put all the wandering thoughts in my head. (And, hey, it's writing.)
I love taking little bits of nothing, mixing them up, and baking it into something wonderful.
Put the top on the jar/bottle and give it a good shake. Shake it every other day for a week or so, then every week for two months. The longer you leave it, the better.
Manicure Description: I used Poshe strengthening basecoat, two coats of Loreal's After Hours, then stamped (using my new DRK-A plate, which I LOVE!) with an un-named Funky Fingers mini (bottle shown in the picture), and then a coat of Poshe topcoat.
Now call it simplistic, but I see a solution.
Fast forward four years and the federal government now owns the "new GM." It was inconceivable in 2006 that Uncle Sam soon would be in the business of making cars, not to mention in the businesses of banking and insurance, setting salaries of CEOs, purchasing mortgages, etc., etc. This dramatic turn of events means that court decisions that once seemed exceedingly narrow have acquired new breadth and scope. This essay thus explores how Zoltek justifies extensive infringement of U.S. patents by GM and other firms now working for the federal government. Although it is arguable that denying patent-owners their constitutional rights is insignificant in any situation, the events since 2006 at least suggest that many people spoke too soon when they claimed that Zoltek was of little import or concern."
MOM: Yes, even your father.
In other words: Habermass case is, on close inspection, a powerful argument against the historicity of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, and a good reason for even Christians to take seriously the work of skeptics, such as Robert Price and Jeffrey Jay Lowders The Empty Tomb.
North Coco Plum Caye is located a short 15 minute flight from the International Airport and 30 minutes by boat from the mainland in the Southwater Marine Reserve off Dangriga Town on the Central Coast of Belize.
An open homage (and worthy tribute) to pop-dramatist Dennis Potter, crafted by Alain Resnais  cinematic dark horse and homme  part of the French Nouvelle Vague  Same Old Song is a whimsical romp narrated via chanson moderne and a host of other quintessentially Gallic pop.
Today we have a spa session planned. For haircuts and manicures read cutting-out-of-dreadlocks and hoof-re-shaping. Might give those muddy knees a little scrub too!
Phreak: But why me. So I took Iron Stylus spot on the Showcase. Big deal.
7. Reward good work. For any organisation to be vibrant and vital, it is important that good people are rewarded by offering them better increments, promotions and being put on the fast track for movement up the organisational ladder. That helps to ensure that as they progress, there will be increasingly better people at the top.
Ill be honest, while I had a terrible relationship and experiences with my ado-mom, I kind of felt abandoned. When I had my kids during my teens, I didnt have a loving mom by my side to help me and guide me on my new journey into motherhood. I didnt have a role model. I didnt feel loved, I felt lonelyabandoned maybe.
handblown beads, and
The study below is in acrylic and is only about 20c x 20cm, 8x8. I purposely limited my time working on it to about 25 minutes and didnt correct or improve.
China? You can have that too. I saw a Richard Gere movie where he got in deep doo-doo for something he supposedly said or did there. Besides, if you want to visit a communist state, theres always California.
It took several months to plan, but my husband and I made a fun getaway out of it, and drove 5+ hours up to Vermont to participate in the study. It was incredible!I had everything from a DEXA scan that shows bone density in addition to body mass and fat content. That was basically a full body XRAY and showed some interesting data. It only took a few minutes and was fascinating to learn about. Apparently, in your lifetime, your bone density as a woman, decreases dramatically.
//-->Yes, there is a variety of investment options available through EdVest. Upon opening an acount you will have the option to select a particualr type. Then after you have invested money you have the ability to modify your option once per year.
The UKs budget deficit ballooned by 50% in March, to 18.2bn from 12.bn in February. Year-on-year, it is still very slightly up. In the fiscal year through March, spending rose by 2% thanks to the governments alleged programme of cuts.
Being mostly legal, I thought I should finally try my hand at driving this weekend. I drove to Church this morning. This was my first time ever driving in a vehicle with right side steering and driving on the left side of the road. Did I mention the Terios is also a manual transmission? I only almost got run over by one bus (luckily, not a red bus), turned on the windshield wipers instead of the turn signal four or five times, burst into tears once, and made us five minutes late for Church. Im going to go ahead and call that a success, mmmmmkay?
Oh Senor! he said to the ringmaster. You have the moustache of a revolucionario, like Pancho Villa or Zapata.
Spaghetti with mullet bottarga was simple yet elegant, a tangled nest of spaghetti drizzled generously with extra virgin olive oil and crumbs of mullet bottarga. The bottarga has a smoky saltiness, the hard little crumbs reminding me of salted duck yolks but fishy. On top is a slow-cooked 65C egg, and we break through the soft egg white to find a sticky runny yolk that coats the pasta deliciously.
What we learned:
Looking back we do believe God told us to leave, but not for the reasons we thought. God had us leave to humble us and bring us back.
In an attempt to tickle my brain, I've started a daily routine where I asked for a word to the twitterworld and then create a quick image response base from it. The rule is to take the very first word that pops up. Here's what I have so far:
Help of the helpless, oh, abide with me. (Abide with Me, Henry F. Lyte)
I cropped Blanche to a closer up view as you can tell...
How many times have you tried to guess why someone did or didnt do something, only to discover in the end that you were completely off base? Although some of us are better than others in reading body language and picking up behavioral clues from an individuals tone and inflection, we are not mind-readers. When were unclear about some aspect of the project were working on, or we inadvertently stumble upon a new methodology we think our client might like, its always best to ask. Remember the Chinese Proverb, He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
When we stop and look at a beautiful sunrise or sunset, for a few minutes we remember what life once was for people. It's not so much a moment of beauty as a moment of memory.[4]
The rules are simple:
*i listened to two of my best friends talk about the loss of their dads and my heart ached
Psalm 49:15 also says: But God will redeem my life from the grave; he will surely take me to himself.
Anyway. I like what Eileen Myles writes about being an artist and working-class, as I'm working-class too, culturally definitely, there's a distinction now in our post-Palin world, my father was a lawyer, but we lived in a working-class suburb and I was the kid who didn't know what a Banana Republic was in high school and wore my sister's hand-me-downs from Kohl's and Carson's and was taunted for my wardrobe, and I never really understood until recently the class dynamics of cruelty in high school where I was definitely the lower rung, the school librarian gave us a ride to school every day because we never had a car. But definitely working-class culturally, in that my extended family is working-class, check-out clerks at grocery stores, bus drivers, people that work with their hands, and my family shops at Aldi and buys generic and is horrified of my penchant for vegan foods, natural foods. Horrified by me. Who has no idea how to make money, has never prioritized making money, and hates the idea of art and money, together, I think it ruins it, I want to have a press someday and give the books away for free, that's my great dream.
Its no secret any more whats happening on the coast, Dr. Leatherman said. Ten years ago we didnt have good data on erosion rates. Now we do, and we know about 90 percent of the coast is eroding.
I don't have anything kind of freebies to share today, but I did have something that concerned me when I checked my email today and I wanted to just approach you bloggers out there. I received an email to my Teacher's Notebook from a fellow blogger who shall remain anonymous. She informed me that a teacher in her district purchased a set of my Common Core Word Wall cards for a certain grade level and posted them on her districts common access drive that ALL teachers in her district have access to. I just wanted to make sure everyone was aware that these are for personal use only. They are not for sharing with an entire district. I don't mind people sharing things like this with their grade level, but an entire district really is kind of appalling. I just hope that everyone understands how much time was spent on creating those and that it really isn't fair to just give away to who knows how many people. I was just a little bummed to learn this when I came home tonight.
Yes, my little rubber giraffe.
Well after a week of the flu and a week of Spring Break, we were very excited to get back to our lives on Saturday with a St Paddy's Day Big Apple Pittie Pack Walk.
Life is amazing and full of opportunity, but I understand people want their lives difficult. They want to be the centre of attention, they want to be special, they want to be someone. I dont believe in all this. I believe we are all the same, our choices are different. I believe in creation and abundance instead of lacking and counting loss. Im tempted to say that people often misread me, but I know thats just my ego talking.
 teaspoons baking soda
Don't be afraid of the one shot. At the end of the story, the realm that the 'heroes' fought to save is destroyed. Everyone the main character knows is dead. Khorne has had his vengeance. But there is still war to be waged and battles to be fought and the book ends as another epic duel is about to begin.
Splash of olive oil
It is a struggle to try to become a true muslimah. I know that cos I, myself, am always struggling . some of us I know, wear the tudungs but daily prayers are still not 100% good, some have problems with their characters . but whatever it is, no matter what all these reasons should not be allowed to prevent us from doing what we need to do . and covering oneself should be the easiest among the hukums that we have to do cos its a matter of outward look. So why the hesitation and problems?
Everytime I look at it, I think of Keely and the wonderful True Colors event and how marvelous it was to finally meet some of the artists for the first time -- and to reconnect with other longtime friends.
2nd level is the grass and garden.
The giant baked potato
But what about our soldiers who burn under heat
Hill Country Cupcakes
Our world is ruined
Isn't this gorgeous?! I love the shadows of Kanzi and bamboo leaves falling on the model's skin (very thematically significant!) and the darkness around her face. That lovely red circle, which I assume represents the moon as well as being a nod to the Japanese flag, is also a beautiful touch. I just wish that I could get a translation of all the words (both Polish and Japanese) on this cover! So intriguing. Here's a link to the page where I found it, which I pressed the translate function on - the translated synopsis is good for a laugh in my opinion. I really hope that's not what the Polish people are reading!
I'm upset that she killed Grandma
Well I didn't get to finish the last of the Verve Sketches......my 7yr old son and I were involved in a 3 car accident Friday afternoon (our time). Our car had to be towed and we were both taken to hospital in an ambulance. Let me stress that we are both OK and cleared of any major damage, although we are still both stiff and sore this morning and the shock of it has hit home a bit. It wasn't our fault as we were waiting to turn into a side street and had no idea it was coming so we didn't brace ourselves and we were flung forward and back again quite hard. My poor son was screaming that his head was hurting. Thankfully he still wears a full body harness while sitting on a booster seat so he was a protected as we could have him. I thank God that we are OK and that we were not badly hurt and that we had the support of some of the school Mums who saw us and stopped to help - one even cooked us dinner! God is good and sends the support we need!!
In July of 2011 I had the opportunity to photograph someone who was a huge inspiration for this project. After I first got the idea for this portrait project, I spent almost one year thinking about it, but never getting started with it. One morning I was listening to the Forum radio show on San Francisco's KQED public radio station. They were interviewing a lady from Sacramento named Kiyo Sato. Kiyo is former internee of the Poston internment camp.She was discussing her book Kiyo's Story, which described her life growing up on a strawberry farm in Sacramento, CA before the WWII. After Executive Order 9066 was signed by President Roosevelt in 1942, Kiyo was forced to drop out of Sacramento Junior College. She and her family were forced to leave their farm in Sacramento, move to temporary housing at the Pinedale Assembly Center, and were eventually incarcerated at the Poston Interment Camp in Arizona.
See you in about 2 weeks !
Have we become this bad
What do these results prove? It would seem safe to conclude that were Ken Dodd to choose to stand any of his Diddy Men at the next round of local elections, they would be sure to beat the BFP. Neither however, could beat this party here.
"Fortunately, youre a good guy. Weve already established that. Now that youre aware that theres a problem, you are going to go out of your way to fix it, and to make the women with whom you interact feel as safe as possible."
5) Gary, Indiana
But for those who do miss reading the zany stuff that spews from my brain, heres a link to my OCT competition where I wrote my way through to the finals. They end on the 16th and I am on the homestretch. LINK Basically its a sci fi world with tons of computer themes, references to internet phenomenons, and a whole bunch of snark. To be honest, the character was so fun to write for and to personify. I experimented with 3rd person and found that to be a whole lot more comfortable than 1st person which reminds me.
I enjoy learning and reading and even writing.
"Folks, there's absolutely no need in this world for a person to be ashamed of his past. We all do stupid mistakes every now and again. Even I, a person who you regard as knowledgeable; I've made quite a few blunders in my life. I'd hurt people, broke hearts, let down myself and my family, and lost financially in many foolish experiments.
Emerging on to the road, I arrive in the picturesque village of Holmbury St Mary. A passing lorry stops, and the driver leans out of his cab window. I assume he wants to ask for directions, but no, he just wants to comment on the beauty of the countryside compared to his native Norfolk, about which I concur, and the friendliness of the locals. Im on the cusp of agreeing with this point too but the effect is somewhat spoilt by the driver of a sportscar impatiently beeping his horn. We say our hurried goodbyes; he heads south to his next delivery, I continue to the Kings Head for a quick pint  a great but quiet little country pub with an interesting display of mining explosives in a case on the wall.
During the meal, we chatted and at one point I asked Mark how he could be a Christian and yet much of his tour schedule consisted of playing at rowdy bars. Mark made reference to the Gospel passages that tell how Jesus went to be among the publicans and the sinners. He said that he wanted to minister to the people that really needed it and not so much to play in churches. His mission was to save lost souls. He knew that he still had a large fan base from the Grand Funk days and many of those fans frequented bars. If he was there with them, he might have the opportunity to minister to them. This sounded like a good answer to me.
Mel's Backyard
Sunday 2:40 - 3:20 Kara Grainger (Blues Rock from Australia) Tiny Stage
Points will be given for the following:
I think somewhere easy to find is best.
You love me , yes I knew
I'll tell you why. Meteor may have cost a good amount of money to make, but it had a cheap script. It had producers willing to cut corners. It had actors who didn't believe in the project. It had a premise that may have worked if the effects were better and the sense of urgency was there. That Meteor failed in every avenue is not so much of a surprise as it is an indictment of what was wrong with science fiction after the success of 1977's Star Wars.
More to comeand how you can help the next stage of this dream become a reality (and get thanked for it)!
XL: Its an honor really. Im very proud of being mentioned alongside Linkin Park when people talk about Rap/Rock. When its all said and done, I want Xtatic Line to be remembered as one of the biggest acts that represented the genre. As far as pressure goes, I dont do music to live up to others standards. I dont make music and then go compare it to someone elses work to determine if its good or not. I dont put that kind of pressure on me because I dont believe in that. So being compared to LP is fine due to the fact that Im not trying to fill their shoes or live up to their name. I work on what I think would be interesting to try and create, and as long as I keep doing that, Ill feel no exterior pressure.
I'll miss her when she's gone on to bigger and better things in a new forever home, but Luca would be glad to get his spot on the couch back.
I am thankful to my dear sister Jessica who sent me this confirming video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVaVBHusa6k&list=UUJpxoRoemhS_FgSRXw30zrg&index=2&feature=plcp which says, The Watchmens Collective Call for April 2012. The Lord is faithful. As He has determined it, we must expect to see more coming out to speak up, share the revelations they receive from the Lord about Americas fate. We must pray for people to respond, repent and turn to God while there is yet time, no matter how short. A simple testimony may lead one to repent and a minute of repentance means safety in the Lord and eternity with Him.
The Grimm story tells of twelve beautiful princesses. Although they sleep in a locked bedchamber, their shoes are always found worn through the next morning, as if they had been out all night dancing. The king offers one of his daughters as a reward to the man who can discover the truth.
do the 3 trebles(dc) into the "normal"space...
Books about:
Jaeger cuff, Harvey Nichols 80
riding the polished lenses
My husband and I are former lunatic liberals. We promoted multiculturalism, the arts and diversity, and we have been involved in our neighborhood association, urban renewal, and the urban homesteading movement in our city. We always thought our interracial relationship was progressive. After marriage we associated with a local group of liberals who dug up their yards to plant food, composted, built rain barrels, breastfed their babies, practiced attachment parenting, planned community gardens, used clotheslines, etc. We did these things too, and in our liberalism, we felt very progressive. We were very popular with our white liberal friends because we were the token interracial couple.
So happy belated birthday JR, and happy early birthday to meeeeee!
simplicity of the recipe and I look forward to making this cake this week.
Squaw root, a parasitic plant that grows on oak roots. I wasnt sure what these were and at first I thought some kids had stuck pine cones in the ground. I touched them and found they were firmly anchored.
Stupid app.
Jun 14 St. Petersburg, Russia (Review by Pro_Ice)
Take good photos! Think I need a DSLR as my diginal camera is just not doing the job, I would also like to finally read those two photography books I bought last summer!
A protest is planned for Saturday in Hyde  the setting of a recent gang attack by an Asian gang on 2 white men, 1 of whom was aged 17.
Fact: Therefore, I'm not interested in predominantly Black environments.
Partway through this process, Audrey decided that we should have prizes for the best eggs. So she ran back to her room and made some. I was very proud of her. Originally she just made one ribbon, but then she decided to make two and give one to Daddy and one to Carter.
Ease of movement
Here are some guides for you to find the best pediatric urologist doctors; first, the urologist must have the ability to connect with patients on a personal level. This is necessary especially because the physician will be dealing with kids. He must have the ability to handle your childs attitude and treat him with compassion and care.
I randomly mentioned to a friends husband who is a plumber that the thread on my loo was gone and was it fixable, he said it was and offered to come and fix it for me soon. He called a few days later to say he was close and if I was home he would drop in. He not only fixed my loo but connected up the little squirt for me. Hooray! Finally it was working. I waited for madame (Xave was day toilet trained by this point, yep that's how long it had been) to do one of her grossest poos. And you will never guess, the girl who poos at every single nappy change, went 2 only wet nappies before poo arrived the next day...
3) THIS TOUR STARTS: Monday, September 19, at Midnight (Arizona Time)
The 'negative space' in art is the room around the subject, which is sometimes called 'positive space' then. The room around the subject in food photography is often filled by props and side elements. And the props and side elements can become subjects on their own supporting the main subject - the food. In general one would not call this negative space, because it is filled with 'side' subjects, although it is possible that this background and side elements work as negative space in some way. More obvious is the negative space, when it seems to be 'empty' too.
Regardless, it's a solid film that I would see again. I've enjoyed other Bollywood films more, but the positives here far outweigh the negatives.
I finished the manuscript I was working on before Doomsday, but I didnt get published. I have the pile of rejection letters to prove it. A quite impressive pile of rejection letters, I must say. Enough to wallpaper several bathrooms.
In Springfontein camp, 19 to 20 people where crammed into one tent.
need hope? He is the God of all hope
Happy Monday Girls!
How sweet  but for that in that famously touchy age, the fact of Hookes modest height gave the conventional phrase a nasty edge both men
When the pastor commanded the evil spirit to come out, I felt like there was a kitten inside my stomach that was being pulled out of me by its tail. It was stabbing its claws deep into my stomach and holding on with all its strength because it didnt want to leave.
This is another option to use Italian meringue. Here are two techniques on how to make any frosting of your choice multicolor to decorated your cupcakes or cakes. For these cupcakes I used the vanilla cupcakes recipe. How I do the rainbow cupcakes you can check it out HERE.
Me: What color is that guys fixie?
So we thought, okay, this site is overcrowded, lets build additional plots.
 4.5% alcohol by volume or less
I have two sets of vinyl stencils to give away. Although I did not make the Rosemary crate, I have recently created the stencil. You get all four stencils.
This perception goes for the action as well which has a greater impact than all of the flashiness of the sequels. As soon as they came back for the second go-round, it was clear that no one knew what they were doing. There is more energy and focus in a single scene from this film than in the entirety of Reloaded or Revolutions. Here is one of the sad franchises where the sequels must be ignored so that the initial films enjoyment isnt tainted by their stupidity.
AW the Alchemist told us in January that the Vermaelen situation was monitored closely and an appearance 6 weeks after against Barcelona was a slight possibility.
Below are the items I used.
ANGELS
CHEVRON
All those should be considered when deciding how much to spend on a dress. Unless you plan on buying jeans/a tank/a cardi to wear with the dress, I don't see what they have to do with buying a dress. Plus, adding together what you would "normally" spend on an outfit makes no sense to me, since I have no "normal" amount spent and my daily outfits vary heavily. Though hey, if you understand this system and it works for you, far be it from me to stop you. Apparently, I'm the one out of four who thinks that is one of the strangest things she has ever heard.
Emotional De-cluttering: I am realizing that I need to assign a certain time in my schedule to the spiritual aspects of my juice feast. I need to get back to reading scripture, no matter what, before bed; prayers upon rising and resting, no matter what; and now I've decided that lunch time is going to be a praise walk every day: walking in nature (the beautiful park across from where I work) and listening to praise music. I have my list of limiting beliefs and my prayer of affirmation that corresponds to each one, and I will glance at it, and repeat the prayers quietly(!) several times through out the day. Also on that list are people that I haven't fully forgiven (including me!) and I see their name, and silently send love, forgiveness and acceptance to the person or the situation.
The health effects of bombarding the skies with sulphur dioxide alone are enough to raise serious questions about whether such programs should even be allowed to proceed.
I stumbled onto this fantastic website with all kinds of color schemes called Color Schemer (click on it to get there). When I searched for 40's colors this page came up. I kind of like the colors there. By the way, what a cool site for anyone wanting to see colors put together for home decor, quilting, stamping, scrapbooking, or even cake decorating.
Theres one round here thats worth a look,
And of course, my recipe is gluten-free so I used corn flake crumbs and chickpea flour. But if gluten is not an issue for you, any bread crumbs and flour you like will do. The Tempeh "Crab" Cakes were so delicious. They were crispy on the outside, moist and flaky on the inside. The flavors were so spot on, I think these could possibly fool an omnivore or at least show them that it isn't necessary to harm a crab to have these scrumptious cakes.
So, I make it out and try to find my place in the lineup and noticed, along with my now freshly sliced index finger, that there are guys way outside and some on the inside. I know there are bigger sets, but I get antsy and try my luck picking off some of the smaller, head-high ones bowling up nicely on the inside section.
So, after Stacie was so nice and re-blogged one of my pieces yesterday, the first and maybe the only comment was left by a guy named Larry (Im not using his real name). The comment said something to the effect of 
He rolls his eyes. "Yeh, they were dead. Now they're not. Go figure."
and I will place him, my firstborn, as the Highest,
Obama: ...And who is it?
A strange loneliness was in my heart
- No matter how truthful our excuses are, people dont want to hear them. All excuses do is slow us down, and nobody benefits from them.
If I had one criticism it would have to be the ending. The story offers up so much in terms of characters, plot and intrigue, that I wanted more in the big finale. Without giving away any spoilers, there's a great twist with one of the characters Ludwig meets along the way but I'm just not sure I quite believed the actions of another pivotal character. But I do wonder if it's because this is the first of a trilogy so perhaps things aren't quite what they seem. But I certainly wouldn't let this detract from what is a great steampunk fairytale and I look forward to reading the sequel, Rewired.
Oh, you did a great job. I love how you sang with all your heart.
Wishing everyone a wonderful week ahead.
Now, I'm not about to guesstimate what they did to those nuggets... but ever sine they changed them Brendan cannot eat them without getting sick.
Jillian is a fabulous chick over at Teenage Bride. I love the sweet posts she shares about her life. She's written a book and a VERY sweet post for Unedited today!
Last weekend was spent checking out the Matilda Bay Brewers Bite which brought beer and food to the market and the masses and was a well run and well received event.
I had it on the front of my Tandem for many years.
That article which reports on how radioactive waste is being sold to the industry to salt road for melting snow also makes this point:
So what about these new guidelines? Well, I'm not too impressed. They talk a lot about parking - presumably from the point of view that the more parking there is at transit stations the better, but it's actually ambiguous.
LJ Fort: Ive always grown up in the church and my mom made it a point for us to attend church every Wednesday and Thursday. Then I got to college and I just knew that I needed Jesus Christ, so once I made the decision to make him a part of my life I found a whole new purpose for myself and its been amazing ever since.
The Crop and Cow Iron Horse Tour started in Virginia City, MT. this year, leading the bikers through Dell, MT. to Upper Mesa Falls, Idaho and back again.
Today we had our first 2 sessions of therapy with Marcy Lindheimer. Marcy was very pleased with the progress Bella has made over the last 4 months since she saw her in September and commented on how much more aware and available she is. I think because I see Bella every day I don't notice the changes as much unless I stop to think about them. We are working on teaching Bella to stand up by herself. She has already been pulling herself to standing against people and couches but we will work on her implementation and confidence with this. It is really good to be back in New York and getting another perspective on Bella and how to enhance her development.
Instead of emailing your sponsor to ask how to cancel GDI work on a different email that invites prospects to check out GDI. Youre mistaken if you think youve run out of people to ask because remember GDI is global. Youll never run out of people no matter how hard you try. You can send that single email to an endless amount of people inviting them to take a look at a way to earn more money for just $10/month. You can even tweak that email as you review your results and no matter what that email will always accomplish a lot more than an email to your sponsor asking how to cancel (remember you only save $10 by cancelling). Instead of searching the internet for how to cancel GDI take some time instead to search for ways to get traffic to your GDI site, how to convert your existing traffic or even how to develop your downline. This information is out there and its all free for the taking. Being a successful entrepreneur with any business doesnt require resources. It only requires resourcefulness.
For example, there was no speech therapist. We don't have a regular one of those, and nor do any of the other children with Down syndrome. Occasionally, you might get a half hour session here or there, to a maximum of six per year.
The dubiously-monikered moggy - inherited from an unreconstructed Watford fan who had named him after his favourite club striker from the 80s - had been a lovely pet. He was a very patient animal, more akin to a dog than a cat. If you called his name, hed rouse himself from wherever he was sleeping in the house, and report promptly and dutifully to your lap for a cuddle.
If you see the ring/square/sawtooth combination, you can most certainly expect within usually 2 days or less . TORNADOES at (or very close to 50 miles or less) the epicenter of each signature.
Now, with the economy as it is, we are seeing that there is tons of new job innovation, and the entrepreneurial base is growing enormously because people are forced to do something differently and think creatively and that is fundamentally what unschooling is.
What if you believed me?
The litter box goes unnoticed.
Digital Anti-shock
11. Site plan of property 24
For video and television vox pops, the interviewer approaches people in the street and asks them simple questions about the topic. These people will be new to interviews and will often be nervous, flustered, giggly, etc. Its therefore important to make them feel comfortable and relaxed.
16. Secret Door
I didn't. It's just one of those Celtic things. But it made me smile, and out of it I made a new friend. And that's what the conference is all about for me.
Lastly, Directive 2006/24 imposed on Member States an obligation for providers of publicly available electronic communications services and public communication networks to retain communication data for the purpose of the investigation, detection, and prosecution of serious crime, as defined by each Member State in national law. It also amended Directive 2002/58 by stipulating that Article 15(1) does not apply to data retained under Directive 2006/24.
And finally, dessert! How we love thee, dessert! We shared the Mexican Wedding Cookies and Homemade Dulce de Leche ice cream. SWEETJESUSITWASHEAVEN!
Remember they are a lifelong commitment! They have feelings too.
...But the regular appearance of big donors inside the White House underscores how political contributions continue to lubricate many of the interactions between officials and their guests, if for no other reason than that donors view the money as useful for getting a foot in the door....
As we neared a point where we could either cross a road and head up the mountain or just follow the road back to the van, we opted for the road. It was shorter and as Jason, Gary and Ann were way ahead of us, we thought it was our best chance of getting back to the van at the same time. We all met back up and we told them about my mysterious throat drama and Suzanne and Paige scolded the others for getting so far ahead while they had to carry me up the trail. The other three didnt by it!
Well ... today is not only St Valentines Day but it is also my hubby's birthday :) so I have to make him two cards (not that I mind lol) ... so today I thought I'd show you his valentines day card and I'll pop back tomorrow with his birthday card :)
Please ponder this, Dear Ones, for with this realization comes such exhilaration and Joy. You are becoming. You are the Light of all the Universes. You are the Light of the Divine. You are the Light of All That Is. You are One with All. Be at Peace with that.
A friend and I spent 4 hours each, making flowers...funny how one starts off rather large then slowly managing to get smaller and smaller.
2 cups chocolate soy milk
I made this with roasted asparagus (Take asparagus, and put on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, and top with salt and pepper. Then bake at 375 for about 12 minutes). Below is the chicken recipe from CookingLight.com:
Ole Anders Tandberg (stage director)
I was being polite!
Now that Im back in Valparaso, routine feels more comforting and less confining. Returning to a real bed was, as always, a wonderful feeling, and I cant believe Ive just past the two month mark here. Tomorrow Ill be headed to Buenos Aires for another week of adventure, which I assume will be the topic of my next post.
I bought this plant three weeks ago. It was covered in buds, but had no flowers. I found it in the end of the season clearance isle for $4.99. A great deal I thought, so I bought it and hoped for the best.
Sales on site Monday May 7th.
Recently, we just finished reading The Raven and Annabel Lee -(some loved the poems , while others hated them!) I cant make everyone happy!
73. When yuh dead yuh nah sabee, and when yuh sabee yuh dead. You spend a lifetime trying to acquire knowledge and understanding, and when it seems that all has been grasped, life ends.
She has been a good friend to me, supporting my goals as an artist and author from the beginning of my life as an art blogger to today. She is real, funny, soooo talented, and a true pioneer. I am thrilled that she is part of my book because the landscape of the mixed media community would look very different without Linda, her point of view, and her creativity. She seemed to me to be the perfect bookend with which to complete the 31/31 series. Thanks Linda!
What the new downward market pressure on the RMB does indicate, however, is that Chin for so long a no-brainer destination for investment has turned into a big question mark. And it suggests that at least some domestic Chinese investors who have been inclined to sock their money into empty villas and condos or big stockpiles of raw materials are now looking for a way out.
I decided to go with quite bright colours for this card for a change, I used co-ordinations card in lovely bright yellow for the borders (MS punch) and corners (whimsy).
Yes, their intelligence is quite high.
I dont remember much after that, except that we didnt keep the dog.
19 Massacre
The creations were fabulous last week and I am happy that you could all play with us. I do want to remind you to read the rules and the challenge post carefully so you don't miss any necessary requirements. For example, this week you need to show a photo in your blog post of the trash item you use in your Trash to Treasure project.
Political differences shouldnt be a barrier for any assemblyperson to assist the state in carrying on measures that would benefit the people, but should the state not act as required per the states responsibility to remove any such remaining political differences?
Stealing my thunder, young sir? Dont think so.
Korean BBQ meat
Julian Sutherland-Beatson will be showing a new collection of his responses to my Haiku poems as part of the Eastbourne Painters exhibition at the Birley Centre, Eastbourne. For full details of this and other exciting events, please have a look at the Eastbourne Festival 2012 brochure, which is available to view or download from http://www.eastbournefestival.co.uk
But also, because it's Savannah...y'all...
As a memorial, God instructed His people to honor the Passover by eating unleavened bread, performing a solemn observance of the event in remembrance of Him as their deliverer: And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance forever (Ex. 12:14). The Bible tells us that Passover is to be a permanent ordinance a celebration for all time!
Ive also been progressing details around an idea I had about six years ago which Ive been trying to get off the ground since. My ACC has agreed that we should pilot this idea to see what value it adds:
Expect young children to ride a little unpredictably or swerve from side to side. Its too much fun for them to resist so be alert and consider slowing down whenever you pass a small child. Dont forget to wave, ring your bell, or say hi.
Sven started out fast and stayed fast, it also looked for most of the race like Jan would stay ahead of Jonathan  and with every lap that passed Johns neighbor leaned over and shouted one, two, three! Sorry! But with three laps to go, Jans splits began to creep over 30 seconds, and at two laps to go, Johns neighbor left off his constant refrain. And then it was over  Sven won by a wide margin, Bob placed second, and Jan couldnt hold on  Jonathan had won 3rd place, which is his first-ever individual championship medal!
The machine I want needs to hold 14 cups of flour. This way I can make many loaves of challah at once and freeze the rest of the dough for the next 2 weeks. The way I see it, with a 6 quart bowl I could make bread every 3 weeks.
Ill gladly bet my last cent that our dear Huiting did not, once, attended NS. Thereby its safe to say she did NOT have to suffer or go through what NS people did/do.
I highly recommend this place if you're visiting Paris and want to play Julia Child for the afternoon (in English!)
It's not so much that Russian girls dress more or less scantily than in other countries, but there is a lot of premature sophistication, in my opinion. I'm almost 30, and there are eight-yr-olds more sophisticated than I am. The heels, the pea-coats, the perfectly coiffed hair...Is it a problem or not to dress older than one's age? That's debatable.
I, as always that I'm there, was very happy... very pleased with the trip in general and just happy to be there.
Beautiful Girls
1 de Octubre,2010
"You can pull your pants up and get up" "Come here"
(In no particular order.)
1 teaspoon black pepper
more respect for the earth and each other.
10. The number of toes on my feet varies, usually monthly, but generally adds up to an odd number.
I'm still trying to decide how I feel about this scenario. While it breaks my heart that there are families that will lose their children, I'm also aware that these are families that will have been given ample opportunity to complete steps to get their children back home with them. The real upset will be with the children.
She needed reassurance that her body's betrayal was a fluke, and wouldn't be repeated......
In the blogosphere, though, many say the controversial ad is about far more than saving taxpayers money and contains coded political messages James hopes will strike a chord with Republican voters in the state.
Held up by standards wrought with fruited vines
So in the end I had 14 hours of travel for 3 hours at the Salon, was it worth it? Definitely, as I got to pick up the medal in person, and got the chance to meet so many great photographers especially Michelle, Matthew and Gerry, to whom I must give my thanks for making my short time at the Salon exhibition so enjoyable and allowing me to display their well deserved medal-winning images.
Supports all Americans being covered by health care. NO
As I am housesitting up here for the month of July I have had more time to search the neighborhoods. Last week I found a gem, Don Lalo's. It is on a side street, a place you would never randomly drive by because it is squirreled away in the backside of Ojai.
You like your bubbly, of course, if it says Bud Lite on the label. What do you know about that frou-frou French stuff, and who wants to spend that kind of money on something that tickles your nose and tastes sour anyway?
You Asked: I need to walk my husband to the plane door.
out of it. On the contrary, for a fleeting instant,
The different components of Victorian society were similarly obvious and unambiguous. The classes were clearly divided, widely separated by income, mannerisms, leisure pursuits, dress code, and language. You could never mistake a person of one class for a person of another. Individuals knew their place, knew to which class they belonged, and knew how they fitted into, and contributed to, the vast and complex mosaic of Victorian culture.
His motivation in applying for the position was obvious. His wife already had relocated to a new job in our area, and he was still working hundreds of miles away.
You failed to consult academic or EHE organisational voices. Why? There are plenty of scholars and home educators who see things very differently from the article's single narrative of doom.
The article on Hope not Hate was written by violent thug and suspected Special Branch informer Matthew Collins, who accompanied his piece with a picture of a masked man with a rifle.
It may be challenging for students to find motivation to reach set goals. People may be intrinsically or extrinsically motivated to succeed. However, there are different theories about what motivates behavior. Some people believe that reinforcement is necessary for people to truly feel motivated to change behaviors. Albert Bandura is a name often associated with discussions of motivation and learning. Bandura is a Canadian psychologist responsible for social learning theory. Along with Skinner, Freud, and Piaget, Bandura is one of the most frequently cited psychologists. Bandura believed that reinforcement alone did not account for all learning or motivation. He felt people could learn through observation, intrinsic reinforcement, and modeling the behaviors of others. Intrinsic reinforcement occurs when people receive an internal reward, such as pride, satisfaction, and a sense of accomplishment.
I managed to find the spell Levitate for Thrall in Kelethin. I had been unable to find it in Freeport and we are a long way from Qeynos. The vendors in Kelethin also seemed to be much more favorably disposed towards Tistann and Thrall compared to the reception in Kaladim.
On my way home I stopped in Ft. Myers to see my old friend Jack, who always offers supportive wisdom and the occasional swift kick. Interestingly, Jack and Tony independently pushed me to consider that the time has come for me to write a book. Talking with them about this pushed me past the subject of my cancer for the first time in a long time.
sated by his manic insistence and with
A Jack Russell terrier probably saved the lives of a Wesselsbron farmer and his wife when it started barking wildly in the garden, alerting them to the presence of intruders.
Some of the fear was released when the lady on the phone basically called me a heffer.
I enjoyed Websters style of writing and Im looking forward to reading Cmaras next outing in A Death in Valencia.
Mostly, I just say "crap" when I am frustrated. I'm not exactly proud of it, but it's not that bad, right?
Noyola DE, Demmler GJ, Williamson WD, Griesser C, Sellers S, Llorente A, Littman T, Williams S, Jarrett L, Yow MD. Cytomegalovirus urinary excretion and long term outcome in children with congenital cytomegalovirus infection. Congenital CMV Longitudinal Study Group. Pediatr Infect Dis J 2000; 19: 505-510.
chicken/pepper/onion strips= twine or ribbon AND a banner with at least 3 different patterned papers or colors
They all come running when Mom yells it's time to eat! :)
That is especially true if youre not skilled or experienced, although unskilled and inexperienced writers sometimes let ego get in the way of learning the lessons an editor can teach. Ive been on both sides of that issue at different stages of my career. All things considered, no matter how good a writer you think you are, you need an editor. A good editor will make your writing better.
If you want change then vote Eddy Butler  Nick Cass 2010!
Sponsored by: Centre for Inquiry, Dying With Dignity, Euthanasia Prevention Coalition
Focus on the most important and urgent task at hand, complete it, and move on.
Aint Too Proud To Beg was sung by Joshua with near perfection. He was the closest to being a throwback from the 60s era.
Looks-darling and precious of course! He's looking less like his daddy and a little more like his mommy. I love that he has my cleft chin and Matt's blond curls and blue eyes. I hope he stays a blonde-haired blue-eyed boy. It's such a striking contrast next to his brunette, brown-eyed sissy.
Last Updated: 3/23/2012
I'm happy it's finally Autumn.
Demographics.
However, notwithstanding this finding of validity by the TBA, the Court of Appeal (leading judgment by Jacob LJ) affirmed the first instance decision of Kitchin J and found the patent invalid.
As a test the mag sent me one of their previously reviewed books to read and then I had to write a 250 word piece on it. The book was An Object of Beauty by Steve Martin - yes, that's the Steve Martin. It was one of those books that I'd possibly pick up in an airport shop and read the first page, only to put it down again knowing it wasn't for me. I'd read other people's reviews where they'd raved about it, but frankly, I was disappointed. I wrote what I thought was a balanced review, keeping it as objective as I could.
Email me your shipping address and I will get it right out!!!
In a healthy athletics office the coaching staffs are generally supportive of each other. Its good for the program and its good for the University. You see it at Kentucky all the time. Both in person and on the internet, Kentucky coaches can be seen and heard promoting, supporting and cheering for other teams throughout the athletics department.
- Lenore
I stayed awake all night long. The next day, my mom asked me why I looked so tired. I just burst into tears. I didnt rat out CBF, but I never watched another horror movie with her again. I also didnt sleep for a month.
I mention these things just so you know what influences my views on photography, craftsmanship and art in this upcoming series.
Slowly add hot liquid while mixing.
This does Atonement teach, and demonstrates the Oneness of Gods Son is unassailed by his belief he knows not what he is. Today accept Atonement, not to change reality, but merely to accept the truth about yourself, and go your way rejoicing in the endless Love of God. It is but this that we are asked to do. It is but this that we will do today.
Camellia Oil harvested in Asia, Camellia Oil helps smooth the hair fiber, resulting in incredible shine.
WTF Award: The drinking fountain at O'Fallon's booth spouting out Gold for people to drink. The germaphobe inside me was horrified.
**Update 30 minutes later** So I did make it myself, using Chinese chicken broth paste, pasta stars and a little dried dill. My throat feels better already. Yay!
The idea of organizing a festival started from the wish that this creation is performed at Sapanta, the place that inspired it.
Outside  cold air  stand, wait for rising sun
Of course this all depends on what format my library has a specific book available in. From comparing what I bought in the last few months to what is available there are 4 books I purchased that could have been just borrowed. Plus there are a few I was not really sure if I wanted to read or not (Girl With the Dragon Tattoo) that now I can borrow happily.
Good evening,managed to get a card done for a few challenges last night. I've been dying to join in with some of the challenges for a while but just been so busy with christmas cards I just have'nt been able to but I am nearly at the end of my list so I thought I'd take time out to make a card for a challenge eventhough it's another christmas card lol.
If, as seems likely, we lose much of our traditional capacity in the humanities, and the university sector shrinks as a result, would that matter? The short answer is yes. Stefan Collini, whose brilliant demolition of the ludicrous REF emphasis on 'impact' I highlighted some time ago, has produced an equally withering analysis of the Browne review. Here's a taste, but as with the previous one, you really should read it all.
The other great thing about these squares is the easy preparation. Everything comes together in minutes with your food processor then you simply press the dough into a prepared pan.
What does Sunkyeol sound like?
I love the idea of all those mobile-truck ideas and they worked! So, from time to time, I scream at Wifesy when the writings just not going all that well  LETS DO THE BIG GAY VET VAN. I think its brilliant. We could park the thing in West Hollywood and do grooming and pet checks with Wifesy doing all the doctoring. Out of the front of the van, Id sell tacos  well  because why not? Wed play nothing, but Abba and Scissor Sisters out of surround sound speakers framing the window. When my little Gayby grows up, Id leave him or her the van. He or she can do with it what they will. But, I hope hell sell something out of it, something that is his own. Even if hes straight and he turns it into, Manlys Mobile Man Show and its like a peep show with lots of t and a and stripper poles and jello-shots. Of course, Ill gasp from the grave in horror, but Ill also smile, cause Gayby did something for himself. He paved his own way. He made something. It worked.
only one thing:
Similarly, in David Cronenbergs Spider (2002), one crucial character slowly shifts to look like another as the film progresses, and it is by means of this shift that crucial information is revealed. In a film such as Oldboy (2004) or Cut (2004, included on the omnibus release Three Extremes) by Park Chan-Wook, it is likely that the entire film-world is as if the dream of a character not depicted in these films, which yet needs to be postulated in order to unify the character fragments who compose the characters of the film. If Mulholland Drive is a supra-individual film in which some notion of a world beyond creeps through, this possibility seems to vanish in Parks films, and yet, these films retain their coherence because of the clarity of its mirrorings, plot-twists, and other structuring devices. While these may not be those of the so-called real world, they increasingly feel more and more relevant as the world begins to look more and more like aspects of these films.
My hand rests on the olive of your shoulder,
Sandweiss
2 heaped cup onion (300g), finely chopped
The single greatest change they have brought about is the way they have forced us to give up our homelands to a massive third world invasion, and it is this, above all else, which is destroying us. A few short decades ago all the great powers of this planet were Western powers, we now face a situation whereby it is expected that within twenty to thirty years only 25% of the planet's wealth will be held by the West. That is a great result if you believe in egalitarianism irrespective of merit, but not if you care about the future of the West, or indeed the future of our planet.
- remove the back of the duvet from the front
And think to your own experience. Dont you automatically want to like people who have the same name as you? Dont you feel like they deserve more of a chance than other people? Actors, for example. I dont just like David Tennant because hes talented. Irrational as it is, I cant help feeling that I ought to like him.
David Cairns wrote about La Kermesse hroque recently for his "Forgotten" column, and I don't have much to add to his account of the film's extraordinary shifts in tone. It's an odd film that only becomes odder when watched with the knowledge of France's subsequent Occupation, although Feyder and screenwriter Charles Spaak, both Belgian, surely weren't attempting anything along the lines of prophetic commentary on their host country. The film opens on the eve of a carnival that's quickly adapted to welcome the Spanish army, which is passing through the region. The women of the town give themselves over fully to the notion that the carnival marks the overthrow, if only for a night, of bourgeois convention. What's subversive is not so much the idea of sacrifice in the service of long-term good but rather that such sacrifice might be welcome and pleasurable given the restrictions of life in this rather dull town ruled by a rather pathetic collection of men. Indeed, the women's sacrifice might not be that great a sacrifice at all...
In the talons of servitude
Well I have committed to doing this so I will but if last week is anything to go by whatever I plan will go out the window quickly. Between changes schedules, visitors and illness our plan went quite array but perhaps having a plan to fall back on is really the key.
~~~vibrating beyond the flesh is so much more potent than any stage performance could ever be for me right now
So today I'm going to continue my little photography tips series. Remember that I'm not an expert, even a real professional at this, but like many of you, I love photography and as I have sorted through a little bit of the technique I thought I'd share what I've learned.
I'm not sure how, but Mommy got her number one wish. I always wanted to have a little boy or little girl that would become my shopping buddy. So, when Little Lewie started mentioning that he wanted to go to the mall on a repetitive basis..."Mommy, go mall. MOMMY, go mall!" I was tickled pink. Words couldn't express the sense of gratitude I felt that I had a little boy that loved the mall just as much as me!
Theres a few things that need to be tweaked-- were still missing the shower glass in the master bath, and for some reason my washing machine no longer wants to work-- but Im working hard to get everything ready for visitors, and then Ill do a tour!
The beer began its life as an answer to those who remember the Tun having a barleywine on tap but forgetting who made it.
Its always a great idea to have ones team interact, work with and learn from ones global counterparts (in short regular spurts, if not on a continual basis) as its a powerful learning which no seminar, e-learning or book can impart. That kind of learning will be a powerful enabler when your business tries to cut across global boundaries  think overcoming localisation issues when marketing and branding your product/ service in different markets, working with global teams efficiently, inculcating respect for diversity etc.
Alright, so I am doing my first session blog post. This session is all about 'regular' beer and is from Stan at Appelation Beer. What is a regular beer? What is your regular beer of choice? Why is it your regular beer of choice? Sounds simple right? Hmmm.... maybe not. I think that the problem begins with that first question. After that, it should come pretty naturally.
Side One is a piece of funk propaganda put out there by the American Dairy Association of Mississipi, encouraging people to drink more pure dairy liquid presumably through the power of dance grooves alone. "Milk - the basic! Milk - the basic!" the singers insist persuasively whilst the basslines and rhythms cut powerfully through the mix. And it works. Just writing about this now, I'm persuaded to pull a bottle out of the fridge and glug it down my neck, and that's more than those frigging terrifying Humphrey adverts ever did for me as a child. If I ever find out that the population of Mississipi has a lower rate of osteoporosis than Britain, I will not be surprised.
What are some situations that make you happy, or satisfied?
Since this is Hop is all about kids, we ask that if you have kids, grandkids, nieces, nephews the neighbor's kids!!! any kid!!! LOL have them look at all the projects we have created... It would be great to have kids comment on our projects!! Just put your child's name and age and you can type what they say about our projects! If you don't have kids, don't worry!! you can still participate!!!
Post-Abortion Healing
Also in my birthday parcel were a couple of photos of a little Rima that my mum had found in her fossickings. Here I am drawing at age five and three quarters, sat at the kitchen table with pens and pencils, more of my drawings on the walls behind me and a milk-toothy grin that I seemed to wear in all photos at that time :)
Here I stand, 19 years of effort stripped away.
It is a simple game board and cards, but has 6 great games and activities.
4. Tell us some more about your zombie love. Any other books or films youd recommend?
Boludez (f)
Of course, it wouldn't be a TE Sketch Challenge without inspiration from our fabulously talented sketch crew!
Note: If you have visions and dreams that God has given you for your life and or business, create a Promise Journal. Make a list of everything Hes said chronologically if at all possible. Add to it when He tells you something new and comment on it like you would in a text book or essay when you start to see things come to past. Its a source of encouragement to you and, I believe, it is an affirmation that you trust God, acknowledge that He is keeping His promises to you, and encourages Him to keep doing what Hes doing in your life. Its a wonderful thing!
To me, it sounds like the opening lines of a phone sex conversation. But lets face it, for many of us Jews, the stomach is our sensual organ of choice. And for those of us of Eastern European extraction, the Ashkenazim, the deli is the cultural center of our sensual universe, much like the synagogue or the temple is our soul.
A voice bent down to my ear and whispered my name and I heard tinkling laughter coming from all corners of the room.
1) Summers are full of rain god dammit. Rain, rain, glorious rain. This isn't London, but just get the net already, it's not f@%#ing Ibiza either. You will have rain at least 45% of every month. Can we get on with our lives and discuss something more interesting now?
Look at Virginia Bill of Rights, Sec. 16 "That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience; and that it is the mutual duty of all to practice Christian forbearance, love, and charity towards each other." ~source
There are many wonderful scenes which subtly, and sometimes a lot more explicitly with Ethel, get to the root causes of the issues faced by community. Broomfield takes his camera into the local school, where the emphasis on discipline acts as a cover for the real issues of poverty and unemployment. As Ethel notes, when the school send in the careers advisor, they might as well send along someone from the dole office as well. He also films in the local Birdseye chicken factory where an incredible scene of lines of women dismembering chickens was filmed with Broomfield being pushed on one of the factories trolleys around the room. Broomfield and the trolley pusher had failed to communicate beforehand when his assistant would stop pushing the trolley, and so they ended up doing the entire length of the factory.
The pacing may be a bit slow for some viewers, but a little patience goes a long way. The dark twist at the end was a suitable wrap up, and I enjoyed this movie much more than I thought I would. While it won't be replacing its brethren on my shelves any time soon, it's worth the time and effort to stream it on Netflix while it's available, if you've already seen The Exorcist too many times to count.
I dont mind, I said. Id gotten up after the phone thing and rinsed out my mouth with mouthwash, so my breath wasnt completely toxic.
So they took it away, and were married next day
But what if we feel so good we don't want to go back?
We did go all the way, though, said Sally softly with her eyes lowered.
Then he saw The Book. He didnt think much about The Book at first. But something about the story captivated him, he couldnt put it down. He came back everyday to read it. Little did he know
Youre too skinny.
Here I was thinking that the Palestinian refugee's were a myth, and lo and behold they DO exist! But you have to broaden the definition of "Palestinian" and replace Israeli oppressors with various Arab nations.
I honestly do not know what I would do without my brother by my side. I cant bear the thought of losing another brother and Im sorry if this sounds selfish. I dont know what I would do without him, said Duncan, her voice quavering.
sometimes, i dont understand people.
The first few of the upgrades that the article mentioned are the ones that I liked best! Each costs less than $500 and should require less than a days work.
There are many good introductions to trilobites so I don't intend to spend long on this aspect, but to give alittle background, they are a group of marine arthropods that lived from the early Cambrian (about 526 mya) until the mass extinction at the end of the Permian (about 250 mya). They were incredibly successful and diverse with about 17,000 species currently known from the fossil record. Some scavenged, filter-fed or hunted on the sea bed while others swam and fed on plankton. Some, mainly in the family Olenidae, may have had a symbiotic relationship with sulphur-metabolising bacteria from which they derived nutrition (Fortey, 2000). Also, they grew as nymphs/instars through a series of moults, each becoming progressively larger, much like many modern-day invertebrates. Despite the rich fossil record, the taxonomy and phylogeny of trilobites remains somewhat uncertain - currently it seems plausible that they fit into the clade Mandibulata (i.e. Myriapoda, Crustacea & Hexapoda) (Scholtz & Edgecombe, 2005) although they have been popularly placed in the clade Arachnomorpha which includes all other arthropods. The jury remains out on which is correct (or at least the most appropriate).
Aer- Musically varied, using instrumental production Aer have opened for Mac Miller and fuse reggae, indie and hip hop. A couple of mixtapes and new EP What You Need show great potential and a musical variety that may be missing from much of this genres work.
So I asked for a trot and Oliver stepped off neatly into a nice, energetic trot. I tried to encourage him to go on the bit, but my hands wanted to give together or move around and hang on the inside rein to steer. To encourage me to keep my hands together, Christy had me put my whip under my thumbs so they had to stay on the same plane of movement and start riding a figure-eight. The outside hand needed to hold, the inside needed to pulse and give, and the inside leg needed to keep us from collapsing in on our figure.
We hope that you are all finding time to enjoy the beginning of fall---heard it was gorgeous in ND today! Thanks for the care packages and cards this week, we really appreciate it. I am working on getting some return mail out soon! :) If anyone gets an itch to send a letter, our address is PO Box 2484, Sandpoint ID 83864. Have a great week!!
of New York after 9/11, the aftermath of leaving the United States for an extended period of silence, and what it meant to return home to this death; this book writes of the agony of home, leaving and hope, the man who would become the authors husband, and even incorporates some fragments of one of Mangusos self-claimed failed writing projects.
I used a 45cm square canvas that i got at the cheap shop and a Metric fat quarter of the tree fabric for the background. I also used some leftover batting which was about a FQ size, a second co-ordinating novelty fabric, some brown fabric for the trunk and about a 6" strip of blackboard fabric. If you can buy a fat Quarter, that would be plenty! I also used a small amount of fusible webbing (Vliesofix)
You can't leave it out.
President Harry Truman recognized Israel when it declared its sovereignty on May 14, 1948. At the time he said, I have faith in Israel and believe it has a glorious future, not just as a sovereign nation, but as the embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.
Mary Georges, Manchester (18 Blodget Street)  I believe that this is the Pastor Mary Georges.
* I have not updated the Trek blog. Thought I was Ok, but started crying again when I saw the photos my teammate took.
21 Haircut
AA Toulpleu (7:30)
in the world would we want to allow this to continue as they have been
The night before, a baby had died, and with a basket of her own fresh bread Mama was making the prescribed call on the family. She toiled painfully up the railless stairs, stopping often for breath. At the top a door opened into a single room that was obviously cooking, eating, and sleeping quarters all at once. There were already many visitors, most of them standing for lack of chairs. Mama went at once to the young mother, but I stood frozen on the threshold. Just to the right of the door, so still in the homemade crib, was the baby.
when the frogs start croakin'?
Durkee French Fried Onion Rings
When the fries are finished baking, transfer to a paper-towel lines plate to drain some of the grease. Season with additional salt and pepper to taste. Serve warm.
Cause the band is sayin something.
"To restore confidence in the University of North Carolina and our football program, it's time to make a change," said Thorp in a statement released by the school. "What started as a purely athletic issue has begun to chip away at this University's reputation. I have been deliberate in my approach to understanding this situation fully, and I have worked to be fair to everyone involved. However, I have lost confidence in our ability to come through this without harming the way people think of this institution. Our academic integrity is paramount and we must work diligently to protect it. The only way to move forward and put this behind us is to make a change."
My house is actually an explosion box! How fun was this?! I used the basic explosion box tutorial from Amy at Love To Crop, adjusting the dimensions to make it a few inches larger in total. Helping to showcase holiday pictures, journaling, or memorabilia (Nutcracker ticket stub, for example) are Cindy's sweet digi stamps! I colored them with my Copics and bedazzled them in their festive best. Now, a few close-ups to properly show Cindy's beautiful images (one of which is hidden from the main picture):
Gently add the 3 cups of hot water and stir continuously for 4-5 mins to avoid forming lumps and add salt.
I do not pretend to know how to reconcile the incongruity of our temporal lives, with the passionate inner drive we once felt towards one another. There are no words that can explain the inexplicable, and we should not belabor the point beyond recognition of it. As I tried to express to you so many times, as I tended to our mutual desires, there was no way to avoid longing for you to open to me in your gentle, caring way. The way you so lovingly and generously gave to me of yourself, especially while we were apart, was immensely effective in bringing the love from within you directly to my heart.
A plastic baby in ice floating in your punch..... adorable or disturbing?
**Likely from our constant refrain of "It's like Paris with a 'C'."
Apparently, it doesn't end there.
Will protect you.
to divert our attention from it,
when we finally introduced ourselves to them, and he said his name was brad (!!!!!), sean choked back his laughter in an awkward way and i did my best to pull it together!
Windermere is a town of about 2300 population within the Lake District National Park in the North West England shire county of Cumbria. Windermere town center is half a mile from Lake Windermere, England's largest fresh water natural lake. Lake Windermere has been summer and holidays cottage country since for the middle of the 19th century when a railway branch line gave the city-folk from central England access to the area's beauty.
The difficulty with marketing like this is that there is no accurate method of working out how each avenue performs. One things for certain though, and thats that the number of jobs coming in has risen twofold since November when we started. Granted, many of these are small and not very profitable but its achieving the aim of widening the customer base.
HIS MERCY,
This example doesnt seem like that big of a deal, but it can be really hard to sit back and not say anything when you watch someone shoot up in the bathroom of a gas station, or you film a boy taking 10 prescription pills at once, or you watch a girl try to prostitute herself for drug money. One producer explained that he was filming a young girl who was responsible for taking care of her whole family and was at the grocery store with a check borrowed from a friend when the check wouldnt go through. She had no other means of paying for the food for her family and she broke down. All of the producer wanted to do was reach in his pocket and get the money for the groceries, but he couldnt do it. They really do their best to shoot raw footage so the stories of these individuals arent altered.
My Reaction: Its funny reading this article because yesterday I received a text message from Verizon Wireless stating my data usage for the month.
Arthur Guinness founder of Guinness brewery was married here in 1761
The album should be available for download on iTunes, Amazon, etc  a few days before the actual CD is released. Probably early next week.
4. They love a good time. I yet again am not talking about prostitutes. Chinese men love to drink and be around friends right up until they start puking on the street or peeing in restaurants or vice versa. They yell and argue and even physically fight and it all comes out with no hard feeling (most of the time.)
The idea and possibilities behind the project are endless  I am an ideas person after all. I will enjoy the research and coming to a definite positive conclusion. I will not enjoy taking to the podium and speaking to 100 people about it. The mere thought of it sends me into a spiral of shame following past presentations and how I came across as somebody with basic English.
When it comes to quality beaches with good lake views, you can practically take your pick here. I visited no less than five beaches during my hike. I have two favorite beaches to recommend. The first is only about a five-minute walk from the parking lot on Church Street that is located across from the trailhead. (The lot also serves the Laurel Bluff Trail.) It is a broad beach with a nice view over some mud flats with a sparse covering of grass. The second beach, which is about 10 minutes into the hike, is at a bend in the lake. It offers excellent views in two directions and has a crude wooden bench/platform that is a great spot to stop for lunch. I spend several minutes here watching a trio of swallowtail butterflies.
7. Favorite Christmas movie?
I have told the Spouse Sparrow all about it, of course. He's getting fairly used to the attention from womenfolk here in the States now, as they throw themselves at him, even with me standing right there. I mean, I am obviously his wife, we obviously have a kid together, as he is right fucking there in the stroller, and the Spouse Sparrow will still get women hitting on him in the shops. Right in front of me. Did I mention the "right in front of me" bit? Because the hotties are doing it right in front of me. I mean, I understand the attraction, really. He's cute, witty, has a really good accent, and they can see that he is great with kids and is a hands-on dad. Still, if the stupid bints could just manage to restrain themselves until I walked over to the next fucking aisle I wouldn't be slagging them off half so much, the stupid whoring twats. It's a good thing I'm not the jealous type.
With their medieval tactics, BN has only succeeded in radicalizing yet more Malaysians, and in turning peaceful protestors into hardened street-fighters.
When I'm tired you rub my bones.
And he has the cheek to say I'm too middle-class!
I feel like Jekyll and Hyde right now, I dont want to be alone but I am trying to be alone. Its so hard when there is so much to digest and think about and back to my previous post, with no one to talk to but my laptop. Theres all this noise in my head, feelings I want to wade through, scenarios I want to visit, insecurities I need to spill out, someone to hold my hand and just talk to me, or even just listen to me, they wouldnt even need to talk, just be my presence as I sit here with tears creeping and no sound as I let the emotions tear through and the voices loose for a just a little while. Just please hold my hand.
I offered Bach, I suggested Purcell, I began Wagner, I mentioned Clarke, I even tried to sneak in Andrs...but it was always the Pachelbel they wanted.
:: if I ever run away from home... look for me in St. Maartens.
"There's a dandelion!!!!!!!!!!!! GET IT BEFORE IT GOES TO SEED!!!!!!!!!" Just imagine it with the little old lady voice, and you've got it.
Will this last? I doubt it. The black/white polarisation is growing and the rhetoric is becoming more extreme. Listen to the pub or workplace chatter, read the blogs and comments sections of the newspapers and it becomes obvious. Whites are gatvol at the waste, corruption and stupidity of the black elite. Blacks are demanding, as their right, the wealth of the whites by means of redistribution of assets. No matter that they have not worked for those assets, they claim them as the spoils of war.
2 He who walks blamelessly, and does what is right, and speaks truth from his heart;
Hoo boy.
The lawsuit is only the first salvo in a legal battle to restore control of the global financial system to the people and governments of the world as well as the rightful owners of historical assets that have been seized by members of the banking cartel.
Sorry, for the dark pictures, it was raining the day I took the pictures and so the natural light was non-existent.
You and I know
Born from above, Nicodemus!
Once you see the oil releasing the sides, sprinkle garam masala, give a final stir and take it off the flame.
His hands slowly drift down my body.
Like many communities across this great nation, the Ysleta del Sur Pueblo tribe has recognized that they simply dont have unlimited resources that can be used in response to a disaster. Again, like many communities, this lesson was learned from incidents like the floods of 2006 where 300+ homes were lost, a hard freeze in February 2011 when pipes burst throughout the community, and dust storms that occur three or four times a year. Its also influenced by a large entertainment complex that the tribe operates. During big events ingress and egress on the few local roads is of great concern due to heavy congestion. As such, the tribal leaders have provided a directive that at least one member from every household on the reservation complete the CERT training curriculum.
Girls bolted to the stage and tried to get at her. Someone grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the stage left exit just as the crowd of women stormed the stage.
The New York Mets announced Ruben Tejada and Fernando Martinez will be joining the club in Philadelphia this weekend.
I tug my beard with respect at SafeTinspector - his blog is like a Sudoku puzzle: just when I think Ive got the hang of it I realise I made a mistake earlier that means my entire level of understanding has just been made void. Endless hours of entertainment.
White
And these beliefs follow us toward adulthood. I, of course, being inquisitive, questioned my geography teacher, who told me it would be New Zealand.
Yet, according to a recent slew of discomforting news reports, the economies across the pond would still flatline in seconds without constant life support. Here, an April 18, 2012, Wall Street Journal writes:
Phlebotomist, what an odd word; imagine introducing yourself at parties as a phlebotomist. Martha supposed she would become familiar with all the odd idiosyncrasies of medical lingo in the coming months. Perhaps she could drop a few of them into conversation during some of her own social gatherings, just to gain that sense of superiority that would be destroyed when the doctor completed this sentence.
The Scotus ruling is due in June. Imagine they uphold the key provisions of SB 1070.
Missing out on the Main Courses, however, is not so much of a hardship at Perbacco, a lesson I learnt early on when I was turned off by a supposed celeriac puree that tasted, instead, like potato and a shameful celery salad, made from the root, where juliennes of the vegetable were soft instead of crispy, withered, brown around the edges and tasteless. Not even the accompanying Beef Short Rib Stracatto, despite being flavoursome and tender, could save the dish from its shortcomings at the time.
Saving Private Ryan
This, of course, has the nerds who care in a frothing rage.
So the choices are killing him there, or bringing him to trial and ultimately executing him. Theres no question that killing him then and there would be less costly, and swifter. And is the media circus that would go with a trial just an added cost that we probably didnt need or deserve? How many times have the news outlets already aired footage from the destruction of the World Trade Center? How many more times would we see it in a trial?
"To reverse the effects of civilization would destroy the dreams of a lot of people. There's no way around it. We can talk all we want about sustainability, but there's a sense in which it doesn't matter that these people's dreams are based on, embedded in, intertwined with, and formed by an inherently destructive economic and social system. Their dreams are still their dreams. What right do I -- or does anyone else -- have to destroy them.
The Basilica of Saint Lawrence, that is; and I should say, that I didn't know about. Who knew Asheville boasted a minor basilica? I found myself thinking, did the Commodore--who built the famous Biltmore Mansion in Asheville--have anything to do with it? Then I thought, wait, Vanderbilt had to be Protestant, so why would he want a bunch of Papists around? Something to look into another time.
We didn't feel resentment,
Smells Like Teen Spirit
Vegetable oil, 3 table spoon
The first thing up is the primary basis for existence. Any given threat organizes to serve several purposes. Knowing what your threats reason for existence is helps to give insight into what motivates them. Criminal enterprises including gangs and larger organizations normally exist and are motivated for the following reasons:
ni ni (night night)
Ive been looking into ways to get my thoughts, commentary, and how-tos out to the mass market.
Had all the quiet, polite and deferential people died?
Also Read:
She is inspired by juicy, jewel-tones, rusty-crusty, peeling, earth-covered... things. Magic, mystery, bits, pieces, and weird little creatures. If it sits still, she'll paint it. Sandy lives with her two kids (Alex and Lilah) and her cat, Lilo, in their colorful, mixed-media house in New Hampshire.
In recent years, Pressly has been a little less of a threat to the world, as she has been almost dressed in her ongoing role in the television series "My Name is Earl." However, she has three movies in production at the moment--including "The Oogieloves in the Big Balloon Adventure"--so she may re-emerge as a threat shortly. Who knows what calamity the immodesty of Jaime Pressly may cause in the future?
Some URLs don't come out as links so here's how to do it. (Don't feel bad; it took me months to figure this out! Finally, Gautami took pity on me and showed me how. Thanks, again, G!)
That might sound like the most facile thing a beer writer has ever written. But I believe there is truth and beauty in its simplicity.
We began saving and then after Christmas (with a decent amount saved but no where near enough to complete her room ) Milly was watching TV one day and fell in love with the style of the bedroom of one of the characters in the programme.She found the scene on BBCi showing the room and printed it out for me to see.The furniture was an eclectic mix(very Emily!) of very old fashioned painted pieces and I suggested that a good way to do that would be to go to Impact and buy used furniture to recycle and paint.
Hey everyone! I hope you are having a wonderful day. ^_^
Anyway... it's one of those things you can vote for, so, y'know, if you feel that way inclined and... well, this is awkward isn't it? Hmm. Well. Right.
How did you visually recreate Mumbai and the riots?
While other famous musicians of his generation would get their musical training in the traditional context of the church, James Brown would get his on the streets, where between jobs as a cotton-picker, coal-scrounger and shoeshine boy, he also danced and sang to attract clients to his aunts place of business. He honed his talents further in prison, where he was sentenced to serve 8-to-16 years for stealing from parked cars at the age of 15. An experience that might have broken another man, however, instead inspired Brown to dedicate himself to music. He did his first gospel singing while in prison, where he earned the nickname Music Box and impressed his warden and the Georgia State Parole Board enough with his seriousness of purpose to win his release after only three years. At the age of 19, a highly motivated, worldly wise and ferociously talented James Brown walked out of prison and began his climb toward music greatness.
IV. This Is Also What You Replace The Banal With.
But hey, I guess its easy to get distracted when something like this happens:
Alas, by this stage, I had recognised that as well as costing me extra money for a container, my take away beer idea was also based on me trying another, and then carting the beer to the supermarket (Sheffield Tap don't sell potatoes and mushrooms; come on lads, make an effort). So I tore myself disappointedly away from the cavalcade of beer and promised myself I would get back tomorrow (which is today, and I haven't).
HOW TO PLAY: As we get ready to honor the independence of the good ole U.S.A, let's see your patroitism shine! Use red, white and blue if you hail from the United States. If you live in other parts of the world, turn to your nation's flag for inspiration! Use your country's color combo and youll be in the running to win the entire new release bundle! Use the keyword FLLCJUNE11 if you upload to Splitcoaststampers.com. You have until next Friday, June 10th at 5 PM EST to enter. The winner will be announced Saturday on the Flourishes Blog! Just click HERE for all the contest rules!
The less freedom I have the more I write
Martin 2, Nixon 1 (girls).
Gabon's "natural nuclear fission reactors," according to Wikipedia, "are the only known sites in which natural nuclear reactors existed. Other rich uranium ore bodies would also have had sufficient uranium to support nuclear reactions at that time, but the combination of uranium, water and physical conditions needed to support the chain reaction was unique to the Oklo ore bodies."
The best reaction I ever had to Living with the Truth was by a nice lady called Helen who was the very first person to read the book in its earliest draft, when all the action takes place over just one day, and her reaction was, Youve made me think about my life. (This was after she objected in the strongest terms to my treatment of Jonathan.) What writer could ask for a better response? She was in her early thirties and imagined that she was stuck in what was probably going to be a dead-end job with next-to-no chance of promotion for the next thirty and she realised that much like Jonathan she had responded reactively to lifes challenges and she would never truly be happy until she changed and took control of things. She had always wanted to be a nurse. I have no idea if she did anything about that, because I left the job a few months later, but Id like to think she did. It would be nice to think that everything I put Jonathan through actually did some real good.
The story is called "Barbarian With a Gun" and it is awesome. Written by Chuck Dixon, one of my favorite comic book writers, and illustrated (pencils and inks) by John Buscema, it seemed a win-win without really even trying. But try and succeed it did. The story is typical Punisher, except that instead of the dirty streets of New York, the action takes place in fictitious sub-tropical island nation known as Puerto Dulce. Through the story Frank is put to the test. He is beaten, shot at, and otherwise abused. But through it all he perseveres in typically stoic Punisher fashion. The story also boasts some great dialogue with Microchip, Frank's nerdy computer-whiz sidekick, and a guest star from Marvel's comic The 'Nam, Iceman. The ending is a pretty cool piece of irony.
Next Thursday is his next cycle of chemo and next spinal tap so we are really hoping the next one won't hit him as hard as this one has.
Im inspired by that student in my classroom, the one who always struggles with math, but perseveres despite that. The one who, when I say, You guys ready to go over this problem, shouts, NO! And begs for one more minute so she can finish it herself.
Or should I expect this? Is it not a big deal? I can't trust my judgment right now, as I have very little forebrain to spare.
From ICFD website:
8. If you only had 24 hours to live, what would you do? Go get Jim, hope on a plane, jump off, drive to my parents, have my mom make lots os spanish food, and play/cuddle with Fritz (I'm gonna go all out folks!)
1) GRAPHITE - The mineral graphite is one of the allotropes of carbon. It was named by Abraham Gottlob Werner in 1789 from the Ancient Greek  (graph), to draw/write, for its use in pencils, where it is commonly called lead (not to be confused with the metallic element lead).
Someday, he will have a wife, and she will be a well-loved woman. I know. I am married to his father.
Combine eggs with vanilla and milk. Whip together.
They aren't allowed to go near them.
** I used Panko instead and it gave the chicken a really nice crunch!
Context on the show: Milhouse is concerned about his parents strained relationship. Schoolyard bully Kearney consoles him by saying, Ah, youll do fine. My divorce was tough on my kid, but he got over it. Then his son, whos a spitting image of dad, cheerfully pipes in with the above quote.
MediaOne of Utah encompasses The Salt Lake Tribune and the Deseret News, as well as specialty publications, interactive media and events throughout the Salt Lake region. MediaOne released its first Consolidated Media Report in 2010, and its second report covers the six months ending Sept. 30, 2011.
Acts 27:29
Another painting in my series of painting my way through Kevin MacPherson's book. I just loved the way the sunlight spilled across his painting, making bright highlights on the mountains and trees, and casting the deep shadows. His painting is called, "Palm Desert".
2tsp Black pepper
Sarcastic
Some plants contain saturated fats, such as coconut, coconut oils, palm oil, palm kernel oil, vegetable oil, and cocoa butter. So just make sure you watch how much of these products you use.
(A Rumbling of Things Unknown,Jacqueline Rose on Marylin Monroe)
you would like. Do you have a drop roller coaster in your town? How
So, despite my foolish catch-up run, I did manage to, overall, build my pace over the course of the race. I hope to replicate that in the May marathon (but starting at 11 minute miles).
15,902,122.07 thus losing a
3. Jammed Up Blues
Step Two: Pick a visa service. I choose ZVS they have a center in San Fransisco.
Here are the samples of the 3 cards we will be making at my next Stamp Class. I had a request for wedding cards so we will be making 2 wedding cards and 1 Valentine's Day card.
Martin seeks answers after Hassan killer goes missing The Easter Uprising in History North up in arms over new proposals to curtail marches Not quite ready for Liffey to turn orange Cameraman hit by water cannon set to sue PSNI Regeneration plan for home of unionist leader Advisors to UDA call for unionist unity Israel demolishes Bedouin village Eirigi claim police harassment surge UVF flags still flying on Shore Public has to know about ex-prisoners
Son bavuru: 6 Austos 2012
The blog wants to speak now: The Ballgames, Pop Culture and News categories each have been updated.
As though she thinks I am going to mug her, even though I am usually walking a few paces in front of her.
After my workout high today, I just HAVE to.
You cannot get enough of it.
Forever in my heart
Burrows howled and tackled Abby. The two fell to the floor, but Abby felt none of the dreadful strength of the monster. The shadows melted or fled from her touch.
Due to unforeseen circumstances the appointment for you to attend the
Wishing you a most wonderful Monday dear friends,
And that was my first, of many goals. And I continue to set small goals for myself to keep it interesting. To keep doing things that I never thought possible. There's something SO exhilarating about crossing a half marathon finish line and leaving all of that baggage behind.
We hate the idea of being forced to join a union who then spends our dues money taken from us by force on politicians we wouldn't even piss on if they were aflame. We hate the fact that your racism is seen as kindness, while our realism is seen as racism. We hate that you're so blindingly ignorant, stupid and obtuse that you believe "diversity" is a good thing, never realizing that diversity only means different, not better or worse. We hate your unrealistic view of the world, seeking a false equality based on nothing more than existence without merit. We hate that no matter how many times we calmly explain the precepts of Natural Law, Liberty and Free Market Capitalism you're only retort is "Oh yeah? You're a racist/bigot/hateful/misogynist."
so technically it was super good to buy for people who know or love this brand ! lol
The group is currently working on a new album due out in 2010.
According to the St. Lucie County Sheriffs Office, Daniel Lee Carmichael, 43, used the ID of his friend of 30 years during hospital visits, reports TCPalm.com.
Eastern Phoebe 1
Anyway, the band, who were a mix of Very big, very small, and very tricological dudes. Their style was a kind of black metal meets old school death metal, with the vocalist panting a kind of rasp into the mic. Whilst the black metal element didnt really push my buttons, the death metal bits were very nice, reminding me of early Immolation. Slow, depressing and a shit ton of heavy. 3 fists.
These days, bartering is still alive and well. In my case, one way I save money by bartering is that I review books for a Web site. I dont get paid for the reviews, but I get to keep the books, which then become gifts for friends and family. To me, thats a pretty good tradeoff. Books are wonderful gifts and ones you can personally recommend are even better.
We always ask neighbors to report suspicious activity no matter what neighborhood they live in.
(Please note: I do not endorse the website from which the article is located.)
Just across the street from our place is this bright red bush:
They make great gifts, remember Christmas is coming soon??!!!
Stellenbosch, South Africa
Dry roast semiya/vermicelli in a wide pan or pressure pan till light pink/brown. Remove and keep aside.
GC: Even though you did not get a chance to play, what was your experience like in being called up last season?
5 Banty Rooster Blues
In the months since the horrible allegations against Jerry Sandusky were dug up and then blown up, the dynamics of the community surrounding Coach Paterno and Penn State has ebbed and flowed, starting big and strong but shrinking as more details were revealed. And now, with his death, the community cant help but grow again.
We enjoyed spending time with our older son, and with friends who also live in Canberra. One of my favourite coffee roasters has a shop not far from the festival, so of course a visit there was part of the trip and some beans have come home with us.
I hope you all like it!
One way or another it was an expensive taxi ride for him.
The way it works with me is this: I will grab everything I think I need and head to the basement. If I dont think theres an immediate threat, I will run back up the stairs and grab something else, anything else. Ill stockpile as much as I can in the basement. If I have time, Im saving everything.
Millennia later
Anyway, back to my dad's story. So apparently, one day in this early stage of their married life, my dad had a particularly rough day at work. My mom must have spoken to him on the phone, because she knew this, so she decided to "surprise" my dad by feeding the cattle for him before he came home. She had watched him do this before, many times, so she got up the gumption to just do it herself.
Optima Health launched in Roanoke and the New River Valley in October of last year with its Commercial product, later offering its Individual and Medicaid products. We are thrilled to share the news that in just three short months, we have signed 35 employer groups and have approximately 1,000 Commercial members. Additionally, we have 5,600 Medicaid members.
In response, Friends of the Earth President Erich Pica made the following statement:
YAY for snow!
I've been fighting a skin infection this week. Finally went to urgent care yesterday, got antibiotics. I woke up today with my eye swollen completely shut, the entire right side of my face swelled up and hot, and in a lot of pain, so I went to the ER.
And I'll do it the only way I know how. Fast.
# The occupation of a square or a park may be a photogenic way to show that whats happening on the news is also happening in the lives of millions of people, but there comes a time to declutter. A few weeks before its eviction the OWS Tumblr page mentioned the rumour that the police were telling homeless to move to Zuccotti park. True or not: the phenomena is recurrent, homeless people find Occupy camps congenial to their own needs but they will often fail to take notice of the rules. Occupy Amsterdam went as far as to negotiate a strategic half-eviction with the police that would evict the drunks, the homeless and the Slavic and leave the prudent and well-behaved true occupiers in their tents. The police as the mercenaries of a middle class tea-cup revolution. Occupys Empty Tent Syndrome may not be as bad as the media likes to make it appear but its certainly there: taking a bath, recharging your Iphone, phoning you mother, eating a take-away meal (with all that cold you can use the grease), catching an event of your favourite sport, those are things most people prefer to do at home and this is where the homeless and the vagrant win: they can afford to be there all day.
Thank you to those who messaged me/left comments saying they missed my blog posts and asking me if I was alright. It was touching to know that people enjoyed reading my blog so much. I hope all my favourite readers and bloggers have been doing great. I certainly missed reading the classics and genres I so adore and blogging about it, but I'm very thankful for everything I have been learning during this break.
He cried hysterically for about a half hour after that, he was so shaken. So was I.
There are, of course, people who need a second (or third) job; they dont otherwise earn enough to cover basic needs. But I know a good number of people (of which I am one) who pick up extra jobs with the vague notion that these extra earnings will somehow convert themselves into greater financial freedom or greater savings. In reality, the additional income becomes a siren song; it encourages us to pay less attention to our finances because we have more to play with. Because it doesnt (seemingly) disrupt our regular budget, we stop registering that what we are really doing is going over-budget each and every month.
5. What 's the best experience you've ever had in your lifetime?
I bought the magazine (Burda 03/12) on Thursday and finished sewing the dress on Sunday. The only reason it took that long was because I had to wait till Saturday to get to Spotlight for thread and a zip. (Btw, I'm wearing a black cardigan over it today which goes better with the black tights than the pale green merino thermal on it's own - only took the cardy off for the photo!)
Behind Barcia, Red Bull KTMs Ken Roczen, of Murrieta, Calif., assumed the second-place position with Monster Energy/Pro Circuit/Kawasakis Blake Baggett, of Grand Terrance, Calif., in tow, where they would finish.
#13 Dave Vaughn  The Wrestling Machine
Unfortunately for us, Gregory was in Canada at the time of the announcement but his prize was collected for him by Roisin Heycock, the editor of this unusual book. Apparently he wrote it in Iceland in eight months in "a room so small he could touch both ends ... while standing in the middle."
12midnight
July 2007
Crafts, snacks, face painting, music and more!
I'm extremely picky when it comes to bags and footwear. Which means it sometimes takes me months and even a year before I find something that I like enough to buy. Which is also why I haven't bought a new bag even if the one I'm using is getting worse off by the day. But I have finally found The Bag. Has anyone found a cheaper replica of this designer hottie??
What all of this means
"I hate this place. It stinks and it's dirty and there's piss everywhere and needles and garbage and yesterday when I went for a run in the park I had to traverse a trail that had been completely covered in used toilet paper. I've been robbed at gunpoint here, just down the street from my apartment. San Francisco is expensive, and I'll never be able to afford to buy a home. The city government is corrupt, there's nowhere to park, the people are all fucking crazy, and don't even get me started about MUNI.
AND Ang will be back later to share today's fun sales!!
I joined Costco today. I have always been a lover of Costco & after a quick (and incredibly nonscientific) facebook poll revealed that Costco was far superior to Sam's Club, I drove out and joined. Walking through the enormous garage entry doors, smelling that familiar (could be rubber tires) smell that is Costco, I felt at home. Ahhhhhhhh
Blunt was terrific albeit far too tall, and too pretty to be historically accurate. But thats trivial. More importantly, as the main course, and topic of the film, she was a treat. Bettany as Lord Melbourne was great. I didnt much care for Rupert Friend as the Queens cousin who married her. He was a dreamer and a liberal thinking man, and thats not what the Queens handlers wanted for her.
This single page 12x12 layout was made using mostly papers from Echo Park's "Playground" line (plus a couple of solids from Stampin' Up). I am a HUGE Echo Park fan - their papers are wonderful to design with! I used the Cricut Essentials cartridge to cut the navy blue "merry-go-round" wheel at 9 1/2". The orange circle behind it is 10", and the white circle behind that is 10 1/4". The cut isn't really meant to be a merry-go-round, but I thought it kinda looked like one and went with the paper and theme. I also cut the arrows from Cricut Essentials, all at 3", including the white shadows.
Cookies are a great accompaniment to your coffee or tea. They come in various flavors and shapes. I whipped up these this afternoon using chopped dates.
To consolidate their preeminent position as sources, government and business-news promoters go to great pains to make things easy for news organizations. They provide the media organizations with facilities in which to gather; they give journalists advance copies of speeches and forthcoming reports; they schedule press conferences at hours well-geared to news deadlines; they write press releases in usable language; and they carefully organize their press conferences and photo opportunity sessions. It is the job of news officers to meet the journalists scheduled needs with material that their beat agency has generated at its own pace.
People always warn to be very careful of the horses here. They walk freely between the game and is believed to be descendants of the farm horses that was kept here many years ago when the area was still a farm that belonged to the Marais family. Yesterday however, the horses were very friendly, asking for a scratch before I crossed the bridge. :)
(Clearwisdom.net) Shi Yeguang was a well known monk during the Tang Dynasty who lived in Jimen. He liked to study Buddhism when he was young, and became a monk. After ten years of studying Buddhism, he thought that his third eye was open and that he had a complete understanding of Buddhism. At that time, there was another monk named Huida, who had accumulated wealth but had very little knowledge of Buddhism. They praised each other and became close friends.
We spent our days teaching at different schools, in different parts of the city. Those little kids were the absolute greatest. I learned pretty much all the Korean I know from them. My most useful words were "sit down!" and "be quiet!" I adored these kids for their hilarious child's logic ("I want a sister because girls have lots of sharpie pens in different colors, and I could steal them.") and their guileless affection. They taught me what it's like to be able to love a child that isn't your own flesh and blood. When I left, I missed some of them so much that it's still hard for me to talk about.
"Then they were blindfolded and they tied my grandson to Quintin. He and Quintin were shoved into the bakkie with one of the robbers who drove away."
2. As stated above, rent apartments with washing machines. If that is not possible, your clothes can be hand-washed in the bathroom sink.
As I composed this card, I thought it would be perfect for Mother's Day. The watercolor print in the jar (Dear Lizzy Neapolitan) was just perfect for this challenge. I love using these jars as specimen jars! I added the gold embossed butterflies (DCWV Coral Couture). I also used coral hued cardstock and embellishments so the card would have a monochromatic feel. I added a bit of sass by adding a metallic gold panel behind the coral damask print and heat embossing the sentiment in metallic gold.
Potato Latkes aka Potato Pancakes
So, thats my story.
Every day Im writing in this notebook, the last thing before I go to bed. I write on both sides of one sheet every day, although some days my handwriting is smaller and some days I dont do more than one or two lines on the second page. Its a journal, rather than a diary, because although the entries are personal to me theyre not an account of what Ive been doing, theyre thoughts on certain things.
Image: iPhoto, Photoshop, MS Picture Manager, Keynote
I think there is. Before I tell you, however, I just want to say that it is in a sense futile because the contingent reasons for abolition are so strong that they are enough. I dont think we can ever find a way to apply capital punishment without discrimination, without the risk of killing innocent people, and without any cruelty (even painless executions involve psychological cruelty, often for years on end). Hence it isnt really necessary to make the case that even in perfect circumstances  which will never pertain  capital punishment isnt justifiable.
A) At least count, she has 123,536 friends -- easily qualifying her as a "Myspace Celebrity".
A short walk from the hotel is the Chinwoo centre, a sports centre that houses an outdoor olympic swimming pool. We spent many an afternoon in the cool waters of the pool escaping from the heat and humidity of Kuala Lumpur. Its well worth a visit if you happen to be KL and at RM4 per adult a relatively inexpensive diversion!
Do: Get resources such as Conduct Gospel-Centered Funerals: Applying the Gospel at the Unique Challenges of Death by Brian Croft and Phil A. Newton as well as Comfort Those Who Grieve: Ministering Gods Grace in Times of Loss by Paul Tautges. These books really should be read in tandem since they compliment each other so well. Really, if you are a pastor, you should read these books.
Certainly that challenges or conflicts may be found as you go along. There is often problems based on the fitting, activating, updating and also upgrading software program. Often every faulty supplement settings might raise problems based on the handiness of Online, data, files and various network options. Any undiscovered issues might welcome germs and malware on the system. Thinking restaurants to go? Perfectly, AVG Support is a right site, where your user may get instant plus effective computer support by e-mail and also remote-screen spreading. Most of your times the problems can often be handled by way of users by following your knowledgebase methods offered to the portal.
I feel removed from riff and raff;
While rakes are free to desecrate thy bed,
And I wonder how many preppers lose sight of the big picture: Its not how much food or water or ammo or anything else you have thats important. What matters is how long you and your family will be self-sufficient and not dependent upon the government or other cash- or resource-strapped entities when disaster strikes. Unless a disaster strikes my neighborhood in a manner that directly impacts my house or my familys lives, I dont plan to leave my house in search of resources in the event of a disaster. I will either make sure I have as close to everything I need before disaster strikes, or I and my family will find a substitute or do without. If youre not working on becoming self-sufficient, youre missing the whole reason you should be prepping. Not only do self-sufficient people ease the strain on scarce or nonexistent resources, but they are in a position to help others during those stuff-hits-the-fan events. It doesnt take a lot of time or effort to stock up compared to the amount of time wasted in line waiting for help when you could be at home with your loved ones taking care of each other, or helping others. If you plan to wait on stocking up or otherwise becoming self-sufficient because everything looks fine right now, you could be the next disaster waiting to happen.
Nothing but what we somehow chose;
In his comments, Mr. Obama described a deal of spending cuts that he said was more generous than what the so-called Gang of Six had offered and said it was hard to understand why Mr. Boehner would walk away.  NYT, 7-22-11
If you dont this is another of your big losing part.
The snake charmer was already there in the crowdactually, all this was his handiwork. He had come earlier than the doctor that day and through the back window, had let the snake into the doctors room.
(Go see the movie) and try to get Elizabeth fire and into jail. But the entire movie was about how to get back at Elizabeth so they had to , investigates and come out with the truth of did Elizabeth cheats to get to the top score for her students or did she not cheat?
(Morning Walk  June 7, 1976, Los Angeles)
T is currently bench-warming for a bit, but whos next in line for your perfect match? Ask us questions or tell us your set-up stories in the comments! (click here)
Next up, Versa, the puntastic weissbier. It comes out a lovely, almost red, shade of gold and only slightly hazy given the style. At 5% ABV it's on the weak side, and offers very little other than wateriness on the nose. What it loses in welly, however, it gains in drinkability. No overpowering banana esters or other heavy flavours. Instead it's mildly zesty with an easy-going sherbet effervesence rather than full-on fizz.
Prothonotary Warblers are singing all over the park in the woods surrounding the lake. I saw two at one time and heard another one calling in the distance across the cove. Two Prothonotaries were chasing each other and calling. I pished and the birds flew in to see what was going on.
Dr. Michael
Our theme for February is "Leaps and Bounds". I did a layout on Spring Blooms. My girls love when the cherry blossoms bloom. When the blossoms start to fall off the trees, they call it their pink snow.
steamed rice
Picture 5&6 Beat DK in attic 3
OK, So Rosie came up with one more VERY good idea on how to be a green & economic person:
The deals at Bejool.com are so good that they want to share them with as many people as possible, so they always encourage sharing their deals. Customer loyalty is important to Bejool so they reward their customers with referrals, cash back.
I still have vivid memories of all the school cafeterias I ever ate in as a child, particularly middle and high school. It was kind of like the stock exchange of the self-worth economy. Social orders and classes being laid out along such clear and distinct lines. It always made the first day of school so stressful. Filled with questions like, Do any of my cool friends have this lunch period or am I gonna have to sit with my awkward friends from band? I can still remember where my group sat and where certain other groups sat. I remember times when I left one group to join another that was higher on the social ladder, even though I enjoyed the company of my other friends better. I remember doing and saying things that I knew were cruel or petty in order to maintain or advance my standing in the social stratosphere. I remember hurting others. I remember being hurt.
1. Mr New has more than proved hes reliable in his own way (As an aside: does that statement piss anyone off as much as it does me?) In his OWN way generally indicates its without any regard for anyone but himself.. Not so much, in this case  but I have experienced it in the past!
Carnegie was adamant that he did not amass wealth for its own sake, or to pass on to his heirs. The man who died rich, he said, died disgraced. The duty of the rich man, while still living, was to use his fortune for projects that advanced the good of the community, in his case, the funding of public libraries. Much appreciated! Really!
To determine the location of the nut on the back of the leg, just slide the screw through the hole in the leg, then thread the nut onto the screw. Trace the location onto the back of the leg, then cut a mortise however deep you like (mine is an inch deep) in which to secure the nut. I glued the nut in place and trimmed it flush with the sides of the leg.
I have been highlighting on my Facebook page through out the weekend too~
Marketing - most people we talked to at the event were just as confused as we were, as to what would be included with the price of the admission ticket. Based on event communications, we thought for the high price of admission, there would be plenty of food - with the majority of booths offering free samples, and select vendors offering food for purchase. We arrived at around 1:30pm and were extremely disappointed to find that there were only maybe 8-9 vendors that actually offered free food (bite-sized samples of Voskos greek yogurt, Kyocho fried chicken, korean pancake, calamari from Tantalum, La Brea Bakery bread and Kerrygold cheese, cake balls, curry and thai pancake, strawberry buttermilk gelato). Though we shamelessly went several rounds at each of these booths, it was definitely not enough to be filling.
Pursuing new interests, further developing passions, and setting goals. Three expressions of a creative heart that is realizing the world of writing has infinite possibility and can be encountered. I have set out to build a wordpress archive to practice describing life stories, expounding on my own thoughts and wonderment, and to learn how to write for children. The organization of my blog will come together eventually, but for now its a melting pot of posts, links, quotes, and hopefully will not get to out of hand.
ODIs- 233, Runs- 7381, Avg- 41.70, 100s- 8, High- 119*
garlic powder (optional)
This is a relatively new learning for me. I constantly question my clients on the stories that they tell themselves. Sometimes those stories are not easy to spot for yourself. I am no exception. Once you have spent time (and I mean REAL time) on building your vision for the future you need to commit to its attainment. You will already be moving forward and you should also have developed a plan of action (more about that in the forthcoming book 10 things Ive learned about success.) Once you have a vision and a plan you need to constantly check your commitment to your own vision. If you dont have faith in your path you will get distracted by the views of others. Sometimes thats a good thing. It is always better to surround yourself with advisors BUT in the cold light of day YOUR success has to be YOUR responsibility. That means it is your job to decide if you take the advice or not. Does it fit with your vision and your plan? If decision making is something that you find difficult then now is the time to work on it. For years decision making has been one of my weaknesses (hows that for sharing!?!) but you can improve by taking small steps and conditioning your mind to certainty. Process all of the information you have. All of the advice you get and then stick to what you decide. Only then can you review your choices and alter your course if necessary.
I'm not touching you.....
Expediency asks the question, Is it politic?
Different ideas. Id like to dress up as each of my friends and take their portrait, a portrait of me, an homage. Maybe Ill do it but I wonder if its worth it.
1. Combine yeast, sugar, and 100-110 degree water. Stir to dissolve then let it sit until its frothy on top.
Pomegranates, broken open & ready to be eaten.
Beacon attorneys said all of the company's assets have been sold off, so there is no longer any business to reorganize, nor are there any funds to confirm a plan of liquidation.
Chances are most of you who read my ramblings are twitter follows mainly because its the only place I post them.
Fresh and clean describe this living space where pattern is the key player. Solid furniture pieces like this pea green sofa and Arne Jacobsen Swan chair (Design Within Reach) anchor the space and allow the patterns to play off of one another nicely. House Beautiful. May 2009.
Females: At its peak, the pride consisted of two mature lionesses, and two sub adult lionesses. In the space of 9 months, all four lionesses were killed by other lions. In June 2009 the first adult lioness was killed by the Mahlathini males, then the 3-year old lioness was killed by the Timbavati males in July 2009, followed by the second (and last) adult lioness in November 2009 when she was killed by the Mahlathini males. Finally in March 2010, the youngest and last lioness of the pride was killed by the Xakubasa lionesses when she attempted to scavenge off a giraffe carcass of theirs.
It's no secret that I absolutely love limes. I'll substitute lime juice for lemon nine times out of ten - I even put it in my water - and if there's ever a lime garnish going spare, you can be sure I'm going to ask for it (politely, of course). So it may come as a surprise that this is my first ever Key Lime Pie.
It's finally my turn to show you all the fun I had with my awesome Gilli stamps. I decided to make something other then a card, so I made this super cute candy bar holder. I can't wait to give it to someone special. For the challenge you have to use 3 pattern papers,2 punches or die cuts,and 1 form of bling. First and for most the Gilli I decided to showcased is called Bloomers. My 3 pattern papers are the red with hearts in the background, the pink with a tone on tone pattern, and the white with the pink pattern. My 2 punches are the felt flower,made from a circle nestibilities, and the MS border punch. My bling is I-Rock mirrors. Well I couldn't stop there so I did a matching card and put Gilli on the Card not the candy bar holder. Well that's all for now. I hope you come and check out the other Design Teams work at House of Gilli.
voluntary contributions to their
In a bowl blend the panko breadcrumbs, smoked paprika and season with salt. Coat gently each croquette with the seasoned panko breadcrumbs and transfer to a baking tray which has been lined with a lightly oiled sheet of parchment paper:
Darren Holmes = 8 points
But this isn't really so much about what I drank as how I drank it. While at school, my two main concerns cocktail-wise (aside from catching a nice buzz) amounted to:
If you want to take a chance to win this digital collage sheet with PRETTY PINK embellishments you just need to leave your name with the choice whether you prefer a PNG or JPEG. This surprise (personal use only !)will close after 1 week. SUCCES !!!
i haven't- not in the last year.
Oh, we just saw this bird in the tree, my husband said by way of explanation.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!
The Comment LINK is below.
Not sexy.
I am proud of never resenting changing a diaper; I didn't enjoy it, really, but I didn't resent it.
Its time for me to think: TODAY, NOW, NOW!
Many of the dogs were filthy, covered in feces with matted fur and overgrown nails, said Humane Society Executive Director Laura Clark.
Does anyone have Cormac McCarthy's address? I guess he lives in Santa Fe. I want to go over his house and eat lunch.
If you focus on the little problems, they will eat away at you. Every time I swipe my credit card, I wince. I think about how much interest I will incur at the end of the month and how long it will take me to pay that off. However, when your eyes see the sunset over the ocean, or hike to the bottom of the waterfall, all is forgotten and you cannot help but be in awe of the earths beauty.
SAY YOU LOVE ME
If the liberals, politicians from establishment parties or "so called" journalists from the controlled media would like to leave any comments to explain why this evil bastard should not be hanged by the neck until he is dead, please do and we will publish them. Perhaps they could call on Jennifer's parents to forgive their daughter's killer.
But I took one for the team with this one
January came around and I began my training, especially for the swim. Every week for the past 4+ months I have spent many hours in the water. I started off barely able to swim 50 yards without passing out. After a few weeks I had to learn all over again because I was breathing on one side only, every second stroke. It felt like I was a beginner swimmer. Finally I was able to swim 100 yards, then 200 and 500 yards. The day came when I swam 3 500's with just a 30 second break in between. I was on cloud 9.
Later, as we drove home, she told me that Minnie had once told her that several months before he died, Henk, fearing a heavy rain storm would destroy his last roses of the season, had gone outside to cut them. "Minnie told me she followed him out into the rain and held an umbrella over his head while he did this."
The warmest smile
I invoked the secret names
Finally the Tempting Turquoise card:
b. display means connected to the scanner for receiving the appearance signals and aesthetic correction circuitry for interactively introducing aesthetically desired alterations into said appearance signals to produce modified appearance
For all the non-chronological slicing and dicing, Dean and Cindy's relationship follows a fairly familiar trajectory. They meet while Cindy is in college, and Deanworking for a moving company at the timesweeps this ambitious, career-minded woman off her feet with a banjo and an earnestly sung tune (which, not too subtly, is called "You Always Hurt the Ones You Love"); she becomes pregnant from a previous relationship, though, and after she finds herself unable to go through an abortion, they decide to get married. But, of course, that original romantic spark doesn't last in married life. The film itself opens in the waning days of their marriage, and later on, we see Deana house painter, bearded, given to fits of alcoholismmaking one last desperate attempt, in a futuristic sex-hotel room, to rekindle the heat missing in their union.
FINDING AGNETHA was recently published (November 2011) and is available in paperback English and Swedish, as well as e-book through Kindle and Nook. For your copy, go to www.amazon.com www.barnesandnoble.com for either paperback or e-book versions. See a short video interview about this book at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdoBEQdRtA4
Q. Do you write full time?
If a sibling hits on something that is particularly hurtful with the other sibling, it becomes fodder for future arguments.
Im choosing to have faith in my journey.
how the same heart
4. I Am The Dance Of Ages (White, Argent) 8:52
18 So then as through one trespass for all men resulting in judgment, so also through one righteous act to all men resulting in justification and life. 19 For as through the disobedience of the one many were made sinners, so also through the obedience of the one man will the many be made righteous. 20 But the law entered that the trespass should increase, but where sin increased, grace abounded.. 21 so that, just as sin reigned in death, so also grace may reign through righteousness resulting in eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 5:18-21 Possessing the Treasure New Testament V1)
I am a dandyism enthusiast
It was while reading this that the presence of God came over me in a swift moment, I felt as though I could but reach out and my hand would touch the hem of His robe. I called out to Him in this moment of belief that He would show Himself for my physical eyes to behold His glory, but He did not. Instead of waiting on Him I began to ask Him for all the things that I desired knowing that if I were to ask without doubting I would receive and I did not want this moment of pure belief to pass by me (James 1). As the words rushed from my mouth into demands of all sizes and colors I felt the presence of God leave my room and was left to the silence of confusion, deeply troubled with why He had gone away.
It suddenly hit me that 2014 is two years away. In two years the past 14 years will be done. The wars will, technically, be done. Any remaining foreign forces operating in Afghanistan after that will be as a support to the Afghan military.
So now back to my rest day as even the thought of last week make me tired and to spend even part of this beautiful day considering what's ahead in the coming weeks makes me more weary. My feet are up to toons are on and the kids and I are just hanging out. Don't worry the quiet won't last long as they will most certainly want to get outside and off to the park to play soon.
Enter courtyard, bear left. Under the arch there is an interphone with a list of names. Ring Doe and I will buzz you in. Then... go back into main courtyard where you came in and enter the big door with the 'escalier d'honneur'. Enter and walk past the escalier d'honneur (on your right) down to the end of the back hall where there is an elevator. It will come down automatically to pick you up. Press 4e etage and you will have arrived! If you get lost go back to interphone and tell me and I come down and get you. It sounds terribly complicated but is not really so!"
Its sad to say that a lot of the places I have worked over the years no longer exist. For a while I had wondered if I was somehow the Julia Duffy of local businesses.
The orchestra was initially managed by Merill Powell, until Penelope Chapple took over (1993-1995). In 1995 Penelope Chapple, the then Principal of the Conservatorium, appointed Tanya Phillips as Orchestra Manager. Tanya was a cellist in the orchestra and became the cello tutor for the section before picking up the reins as Orchestra Manager, which she still does to this day.
We walked back to the car, in that way peculiar to kids which combines an amble and an eddy. She wrote her name in the dirt with the rock. I contemplated the beauty of my legacy, and the shell in her dainty hand. The sun, the river, my lovely daughter enchanted me. In a nacreous whorl the size of a cherry, I saw my place in this universe: to breathe, to be content, to know love.
For more visit:
And I was right. When I rose from my sick bed, I awoke to several eggs having been cracked on the floor, even though I had locked the food storage room door where we keep them. (They've apparently learned to quietly move stools around.) I was also confronted with spilled water on the couch, sidewalk chalk thrown and broken all over the kitchen, and a few water-balloons broken on the floor.
The cost of one stamps is 45 cents and your wedding invitation will probably cost at least 60 cents with so many inserts adding to the weight. To place vintage stamps -- assuming their denominations are all between 1-30 cents -- you will need a huge envelope to get to the total you need to mail one invite. And remember that an oversized envelope will also add to the price of mailing.
Rationally and objectively, there are only plusses to being afforded the opportunity to leave South Africa. The facts about South Africa Ive documented in many essays. These facts, oddly enough, are not always known, processed, or understood by South Africans.
I am currently the only person on the planet not remotely interested in Taylor Hicks, oil prices, or Britney dropping her baby on his head.
Theres nothing left in the world.
"Telephones are ubiquitous?"
One final aspect of the project still to complete is the book I intended to put together of the event  to include a bit of back story, anecdotes and all the portraits taken.
This is the person that screams in horror films. They say OH MY GOD! or DIOS! or I CANT WATCH! when there is a tense and suspenseful scene. They laugh way too hard during funny scenes (theyre all THATS HILARIOUS!). They say YES! really loud when something triumphant transpires. They might even say OH NO! as something bad is happening or I DONT BELIEVE IT! when a sad scene arises. The worst ones actually try and talk to the characters on screen, in the hopes that the movie is actually some sort of interactive Choose Your Own Adventure, that the projectionist can and will swap in different rolls of film depending on the reactions of the crowd... DONT OPEN THE DOOR!
I don't know if I can chalk this up to pregnancy or not, but I've developed a little bit of a lipstick obsession as of late. Actually, I decided I prefer lipsticks to glosses about a year ago, but the sheer obsession has definitely heightened since becoming knocked up. Lipstick still fits even when nothing else does, and it's cheaper than a handbag. In most cases. Anyway, I figured why not highlight what I'm wearing on my lips as well? Sometimes it's the most exciting part of my daily ensemble.
When I got home I opened the back door to scoop it out and release it to save it from dying in my car, which makes me think about my mother who shakes her head at me and says I am just like my grandmother. (all this with the exception of the fly keeping me up the other night of course - in my own defense it's pretty hard to catch and release a house fly) My mother on the other hand just squishes any insect in her path.
2.) What makes you angry?
1 hurdles winner at Auteuil, stood in Northern Ireland when his best son was conceived and is now based in France. Histologie, by the top-class French jump sire Quart De Vin, did not race but is from an excellent family. She is a half-sister to smart chaser Moncadou; the dam of the pair is ten-time winner Palencia, who herself is a half-sister to one French jumping legend, Ucello, out of a sister to another, King George VI Chase winner Nupsala.
La Feria Modernista de Terrasa began in 2003 and has recently become one of the most important cultural event in the Catalonian diary. Every year in May hundreds of thousands of tourists come to see the cultural events, spectacles, expositions and to taste the local gastronomy. The festival celebrates Art Nouveau  a reaction to academic art of the 19th century. Art Nouveau was inspired by natural forms and structures, not only in flowers and plants but also in curved lines. Architects tried to harmonize with the natural environment. It is also considered a philosophy of design of furniture, which was designed according to the whole building and made part of ordinary life. The city has preserved its architecture public buildings and factories from this age.
On the past two Saturdays, though, they marched to other parts of the city, which led to tense standoffs with police. On September 24, about 100 people were arrested and the group put out video which showed some women being hit with pepper spray by a police official. On October 1, more than 700 people were arrested as the group attempted to cross the Brooklyn Bridge.
concept in
The good news is that The Specials have decided not to call it quits after all following what was to be the very last show of their three year reunion in London in early November. The news represents a complete about face for the band, who announced the tour would be their very last. In fact, only recently, front man Terry Hall had announced that after this tour theyd call it a day. The decision to continue on was confirmed by Lynval Golding and the band are now hinting that new material may be on the way.
Waller CL, McKinney JD. Three-dimensional quantitative structure activity relationships of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds: Model validation and Ah receptor characterization. Chem Res Toxicol 1995; 8: 847-858.
The U.S., in purple with a Gini coefficient of 0.450, ranks near the extreme end of the inequality scale. Looking for the other countries marked in purple gives you a quick sense of countries with comparable income inequality, and its an unflattering list: Cameroon, Madagascar, Rwanda, Uganda, Ecuador. A number are currently embroiled in or just emerging from deeply destabilizing conflicts, some of them linked to income inequality: Mexico, Cte dIvoire, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Serbia.
And when mortally injured he knew
I hope Cindy C LO is cool with my photoblogging entry. Bobina and I had a good day together without kids ; full of errands. The honeydew list was long but everything was accomplished except changing the headlight on my wifes car. That got pushed til tomorrow.
nowhere an obstacle or conflict.
Peter Feidelberg, 34, Hoboken, N.J.
When we arrived at South Rock we immediately felt comfortable in the surroundings. It had a laid back atmosphere with plenty of televisions playing a variety of sports. The food was delicious and certainly was reasonably priced but it was the environment that was the most impressive.
Kali - "Dear Grandma - Thank you for the stuff. Love, Kali"
We fight in a spiritual war that can only be waged with spiritual weapons. Satan and his demons would like nothing better than to disrupt our relationships and break up our families. Every home is a target. We cannot remain passive.
Farrah Gray Publishing: This tale of a publisher that tried to force a pair of authors to pay more than $100,000 in marketing fees after the contract was signed illustrates a hard truth of publishing: even with every possible precaution, what looks like a duck will sometimes turn out to be a turkey.
At SUNY Oswego, Quest is our annual celebration of research and creative activity, where classes are canceled for the day and hundreds of sessions (mostly student-run) showcase the academic core of our college. For some, it means a day off to party (and/or to do so the night before), but for our serious student scholars, its a day they work very hard toward. Its not as easy to cover as, say, a hockey game, but it represents the lifeblood of learning. So giving it big social media coverage  even if some would say its not sexy  is worth doing.
On some Saturdays, I love to lay around and be lazy. I like to stay in my pjs and not shower or put make up on or do my hair. I get up a minimum of five days a week and do my hour and a half morning routine and I get tired of doing it. So I should be able to take a day off from that and just be myself, yes?
199 4. Law and Literature and Common Sense. Book Review: Robert E. Rodes, Jr., Law and Literature (Notre Dame, Indiana: 1986). Review of Politics, vol. 48, pp. 472-76 (Summer 1986).
-The ULTIMATE PET RESORT Application-
Silent witness and executioner.
For my money CITW is the best because of its ambition, scale and breadth of knowledge. I think CITW will find it's footing but because of the internet hype it already seems like a big deal which may or may not be to it's benefit.
It was a good week here. There is always so much happening. A week I wouldnt trade for a million bucks. I hope you all had a great week and a relaxing and wonderful weekend. God Bless you all!!
Take a sentence like the one above and roll it around in your mouth. Speak it slowly, savoring the rhythm and the flow.
I am just back from going to lunch with my husband and children, who are in town for the week.* There was nothing particularly outstanding about this lunch at a regular restaurant with typical but good pub food. Yet this will be a memorable day for all of us, because we had a wonderful time together as a family!
NEW YORK -- To many beer fans, Belgium is the motherland of brewing. For them, and others interested in the genre, the inaugural Belgian Beer Festival will be a go-to event.
I had been fortunate enough to avoid such a disaster, until yesterday.
The doughnut were great...the first day. Unfortunately the next day they were dry and not so good. The bright side is that there were only FOUR DOUGHNUTS LEFT! So most of the doughnut were eaten at their best ^^ I suppose that this means that people did like them, doesn't it?
Although the Israeli Supreme Courts ruling disappointed me, I felt great admiration for their self-restraint and their ability to put their sworn duty above their deep personal feelings. It was an act of tremendous moral courage. It was an example of precisely the moral courage that the Nazis lacked, and that allowed them to perpetrate such a terrible holocaust against millions of Jews, Slavs, Rom, communists, moral objectors, homosexuals, and Catholics.
Yeah. I'm going to a conference, AND that means I'll be away from the girls for THREE nights! I've been away from Sweet Pea for one night at a time before - well, rather, she's been away from us, having occasional sleepovers with her Grandma and Boopa - but I've never been parted from The Bug for longer than five hours, and never overnight.
Careened on a cursed island, the old captain and her men are caught between warring navies.
He played with for bits of stone!
Time will tell.
A few seasons ago a crowd favorite, Chris Daughtry, was stuck with fourth place. So disappointing. That actually may have been the last time I watched Idol. Taylor Hicks went on to win it and then he faded into the background. Meanwhile, Daughtry has had continued music success. As we learned tonight, Hicks will be playing in Vegas this summer  Ill let you determine if thats success because I think its pretty clear what my opinion is on that.
2 1/2 cups heavy cream
-John McCain
around you
Technically I have not lost any weight but gained muscle and have certainly lost inches. My shirts are loose, the questions of "Hey are losing weight?" are starting, it's almost a normal habit for me to drink lots of water and tea, and I can definitely tell I have a lil spring back to my step. That sounds corny but it's true. I love going to stores and having clothes fit right, not worrying that the shirt is too tight or that the jeans are making a muffin top. I'll stick to my cupcakes. hehe. I actually allow myself to have 1 cupcake a week from my class. There is no use in depriving myself, because if I indulge a lil bit I won't want more than 1.
Remember my fabric picking fail? A too-bold, too-white Marimekko print that just didn't jibe with the rest of the soft textiles and artwork in the living room. Well, a trip to Mom's secret source for sweet, vintage-inspired fabrics yielded a better find: a lovely print with a creamier background and a scale in proportion with the other fabrics. While she was visiting, she kindly whipped up a pillow for us!
We arrived and she walked up the red carpet entrance to the party a smile a mile wide on her little face. Tonight, she is happy and confident, these friends are not school friends, in fact no one from her school will be there. These are dancing friends and together they go through the trials and tribulations of competing, consoling each other when they do badly and celebrating with and for each other when they do well. Their love of dancing is what brought them together and what keeps them together. It is wonderful to see them being so supportive of each other, they are all still only ten or eleven yet they can empathise when one of them does not get placed in a competition, they have all been there at one time or another, some more often than the others.
"The best way to get back on your feet---miss a car payment."
When I saw this cardigan online I really liked the mix of colors and was excited to see it in real life. When i found it hanging on the rack I could not believe my eyes...it looked HUGE! I decided to grab it anyways and give it a try. I tried it on in an X-Small and wish it would have come in a smaller size. I think I may be sized out in this one. It looks super sloppy just hanging on me, and when I lift my arms, it swallows me whole. The colors, however, are amazing and I love the boldness of it. Gonna have to pass on this one due to sizing issues. Size down on this one, for sure!
Egypt Independent reported that following todays withdrawal of Al-Ahzars sole representative from the constituent assembly, the FJP yielded 10 of its own seats to liberal appointees. Speaking to Egypt Independent, Moety Bayoumy, a member of the universitys Islamic Research Academy, had admonishing words for the Muslim Brotherhood:
# Strip in a taxi.
I hope also that I didn't give anyone the cold on Thursday evening, as I wasn't going to let it stop me going to a significant event at Blackwell's Manchester University Bookshop: Salt publisher Chris Emery launching his striking new poetry collection, The Departure, and reading with Ian Duhig and Michael Symmons Roberts. Superb readings compered by Fat Roland in inimitable style, and a great meet-up with some familiar figures - writers Adrian Slatcher, David Gaffney, Sarah-Jane Conlon, Edmund Prestwich, Eleanor Rees, Steve Waling and Ian Pople - and introductions to poet Lindsey Holland and novelist Tim Shearer. A convivial drink in the Salutation afterwards, when I learnt from Adrian of his exciting new venture, a new literary magazine for innovative fiction - called 'New Magazine' - for which he is seeking material. And then, before anyone else, I left and stumbled back home to bed.
I thought You must be kiddin me?
Later, Mildred is taken home in a police car. Veda comes rushing out to greet her, and Mildred hollowly tells her shell have her new piano the next day. Justifying her behavior yet again and giving in. Well done, Mildred. Youre the worst parent ever.
1.) Eli and Emmy don't do well away from each other. Eli is already really upset that he doesn't get to go "bye-bye car"
Rowan went to meet Santa for the second time this year. You can see the first picture below under Thanksgiving Celebrations. This second time was less rushed and he really liked Santa! It was funny because his friend Sam who was with us was excited about Santa while we were in line but terrified when he met him, Rowan was the exact opposite! Silly boys.
You and I dont have the Constitutional authority to vote on appropriations. The House of Representatives does.
Crown Publishers, 2012
The reason that is interesting is because the Obama campaign chose today, May 5, to "officially" launch his reelection campaign and it coincidentally is also Karl Marx's birthday.
There is also one quotation from the lost Mekhilta to Deuteronomy (1124), a handful of quotations from the Palestinian Talmud (Talmud llshm), and a long quotation with the story of the Oven of Aknai  a rallying point for laughing Karaites everywhere (1172-1175). The rest of the rabbinic library is proportionately represented too: Mishnah, Sifra, Sifre (Num and Deut), Bavli, Midrash Agada and even some Tosefta.
Like I highlighted in my last post, I love the movie Good Will Hunting, which a lot of it has to do with the music (mainly Elliott Smith). Some other movies I love with music that stands out for me are: Vanilla Sky, Donnie Darko, Almost Famous, The Butterfly Effect, The Girl Next Door, American Beauty, and Braveheart (for its score). Not all of these are great movies objectively, but movies I love due to the power the chosen music brings to the scenes.
The Wasp Empire is coming to the lowlands. They are conquerers who known no bounds. No one believes they are a threat even as the swarm the region, except one very smart Beetle-kinden and the people he has encircled himself with.
The blue/grey card is from my stock but was purchased from the papermill.
but too expensive to jump on a plane tomorrow
First pick a corner of the room you want to have the fort in. You will have to first break the cardboard boxes so they are flat. Let your children decorate them any way they want. Once decorated put two holes at the top of the cardboard and thread your string/ribbon. Now, attatch ribbon to the ceiling so the cardboard is hanging. Make the ribbon long enough so the cardboard almost touches the ground. Now you have a fort that doesnt take up any room because it is hanging from the ceiling!!
This recipe makes 25-30 kolaches.
Southern Star Rauchbier
I was touched . and humbled that my dua  I had not even finished the supplication and here Allah has answered. Allahu akhbar!  Allahs compassion and mercy are endless, masyaAllah!
The Italian For Italians sketch is...okay. The audience laughter at Terry Jones' instructor saying he is from Gerard's Cross is something lost on me. As for the Italians taking the lesson, they're played a little broadly, pinstripe suit-wearing spivs divided by regionalist pride. Political correctness makes sketches like these age poorly, but at the time other sketch programs would often display national stereotypes and call it humor. The Pythons are in fact offering their own twist on this trope. They would do it again throughout the series, and frankly, the underlying point is much more obvious. It's amusing enough, but not a strong sketch. Thankfully, Terry Jones sits on a pig (porcine casualty number three in this episode - PETA would be pissed!), leading to the first cartoon.
Professor: Tell us if you have ever heard your GOD?
If we read the testimonies of the Apostles in Acts and the New Testament books, we find that they differ from one to another in the graces of their Spiritual gifts in some ways, but they seemed to be functioning a lot in most of the Gifts of the Holy Spirit. They also loved their Lord who died for them so much, and they gave their lives for Jesus Christ till the end of their lives.
Morgen: Hopefully hes firm but fair. Do you do a lot of editing or do you find that as time goes on your writing is more fully-formed?
42 all
0:00 Unnecessary Censorship: Crass, brash and crude, a Jimmy Kimmel trademark and a great way to kick things off.
AWR Hawkins is a conservative columnist who has written extensively on political issues for HumanEvents.com, Pajamas Media, Townhall.com, and Andrew Breitbarts BigPeace.com, BigHollywood.com, BigGovernment.com, and BigJournalism.com. He holds a Ph.D. in U.S. military history from Texas Tech University, and was a visiting fellow at the Russell Kirk Center for Cultural Renewal in the summer of 2010.
If interested comment here and I will provide you with the coupon code to purchase the book at no charge :)
It is a grotto of genuinely sacred space; not completely because of its religious purpose, though undoubtedly enhanced by it. No matter what religion, or none, or just a lover of the natural spirit in all living things, you'd have to be unfeeling not to appreciate it. It's the live Technicolor Dreamcoat over its regulation brick exterior that does it.
Of a memory in your minds
I should point out that it's only 35% ABV but it is already spiced so you could use it to make a hot toddy or buttered rum without having to add extra spices.
See you after 26.2!
Who can resist an epic poem in which the protagonist gets shipwrecked, hides in a harem (and then is chosen by the sultan for an evening of pleasure), has a fling with Catherine the Great, and endless other rompsall narrated in Byrons slouchy, sinuous poetry?
New May Menu, please note that the pub is open lunchtimes Fri/Sat & Sun for food 12-2pm & 6-9pm.
Home Improvement Mistakes to Avoid
A call of glee calls her from the garden. Her name is repeatedly called with continued animation- she follows the calls. Her eyes are gifted with the sight of three new born guinea pigs. Again a gathering happens and this new life is savored by all. In that moment there was joy.
The five caravans have parked up on the Faulkland Street car park, just off the Wolverhampton Ring Road.
As much more information as I have gained, Im still curious to know what happened to him. How did he manage to live in Buchenwald for 6 years? What did he do to survive? Many people died in the weeks and months after being liberated from disease and malnourishment. Since he was a soldier, and not Jewish, I expect he may have gotten treated better (more food perhaps) than some inmates. Certainly he would have tried to return to Hohensalza after liberation since his parents, wife and child were there.
Im perfectly serious, my dear. Obviously this is something that you would equate with vampires and such, but I can tell you now I am not a vampire or any such mythical creature. My interest in blood occurred when my wife and I were having sex actually. I was biting her neck and bit down to hard causing my teeth to break the skin. I have quite sharp teeth as it happens. His dinner guests stared completely shell shocked. Anyway so a trickle of blood ran down her neck so I brushed my tongue over the cut. In that moment I was in ecstasy. There I was making love to the most beautiful woman in the world and I was sucking the blood from the wound I had inflicted. It was heaven.
use concrete examples
Hugs go around the now circle of friends
I used Sullivans Coton-a (purchased at Lincraft) & 3.25mm hook the pattern is easy enough to work from if you have made anything in amigurumi before.
In December, the House voted overwhelmingly, 333-79, to censure Rangel over rules violations that stemmed from unpaid taxes on a villa he owned in the Dominican Republic, undisclosed financial assets and the improper use of his office for fundraising.
Wing Banners can be put anywhere for they are portable, making them very ready for use. They cannot help but be noticed, for the wind waves them, allowing them to be seen.
Because of the box break I did recently, I didn't really send out any autograph requests or make any purchases to showcase on this Mailday Monday. Instead, I'll show off one of my Cubs sub-collections.
Carroll (54-10 in five years) encased in carbonite.
It begins with their attendance at a soiree hosted by the newspaper mogul and noted amateur spiritualist and archaeologist, Jefferson Shaw. As his guests, they have to listen to him expound upon his recent archaeological exploits in the Valley of the Kings and his theories upon the subject of parapsychology, before revealing his pice de rsistance. This is not the fact that luncheon is provided by Caf Parisien, the a la carte restaurant and a haute cuisine establishment run as a concession aboard the RMS Titanic, but is instead the fact that Jefferson Shaw will unveil his latest and greatest find from Egypt  a Mummy  before donating it to the Metropolitan Museum of Art when the ship docks in New York.
are invited on issues related to any of the
Hey there!! Its Saturday and that means time for another ODBD Shining the Light challenge! With Earth Day occurring on Sunday the 22nd the challenge this week is to "go green". This means that you can use green on your project or you can use some type of recycled item on your project.
with packed pink linens
There was something unique about this retreat. Every woman was different, but we all shared the same heart for God and for orphans. It immediately put us all on common ground. It was not odd to walk up to a new person during the weekend, introduce yourself, and then start talking about where you are adopting from and which agency you are using. Not only that, within a matter or minutes, you might even be sharing some of the deepest struggles you have with this new friend, feeling relieved in a sense that there is finally someone who "gets it." The thing is... there were 400 other women there who "got it"!
racing
Q034) If you were a boy, which member would you want to date?
I have to start some fundraisers again for the ACPCG. Donations are at an all time low and just ordered prints for three very under-privileged families who are losing and have lost their child, and the account is now near empty.
Sean-ns singing is not to everyone's tatse, although O Lionird has made a mission of popularising it, particularly with the Afro Celt Soundsystem.
1-11 Glass Structure 3:55
I spoke with Matisyahu over the phone while in Chicago and he was very patient with the brief connection issues we had to accommodate. Immediately I was at ease knowing that Id be speaking to someone less concerned with how much time or money they dont have. In fact, money wasnt even brought up despite trying to get him to talk about file-sharing.
Lime Crime have made a big song and dance over their lipsticks being opaque in one stroke (though i cant find it in the description on the website anymore, it's mentioned lots on her blog and in videos she's done and things) so here is Airbourne Unicorn in one stroke:
I preferred Viviano's. It feels like a relic from the 1950s, slightly dingy and crammed to the brim with products. Fifty kinds of olive oil? Check. Twenty varieties of fresh ravioli? Check. A cheese and meat counter with a sassy counterman who knows every olive, meat and cheese in his area? Check. It isn't as organized or as well-lit as DiGregorio's, but I loved the chaos of it.
While visiting Milwaukee recently, my mom gave me a bag of kettle corn that had dark and white chocolate drizzled on it. Normally I do not like kettle corn but I loved this stuff. I cannot tell you the name of the company because I ate the whole bag and threw it away. But I did manage to duplicate it.
Consider the possibility that you really are just a jerk and nobody should like you.
--and here is where I'll be mean and tell you to come back next week for the style sheet details. But I promise it'll be worth it. I just didn't want this post to run too long.
Morning priorities:
3) Tris from Divergent by Roth
How did you end up with 14 weeks of vacation months into your first job?! That must have been a mind-meld thing, cause no employer is giving that kind of time off until you hit 20 years in!
Cute and warm and fuzzy--and good for our hearts in more ways than one!
(They can't all be winners, folks.)
Ark is a short animated film produced and directed by Marcin Kobylecki and Grzegorz Jonkajtys, released in 2007.
And thats why actually, I started to enjoy Art GCSE towards the end. You know, just a bit. I mean, nothing major. Im not, like, gushing over it or anything
@HeidiRKling Write the book you want to read.
Do they hear their father sigh?
- pinking shears
Given the deafening silence from Eric Pickles concerning the Local Government Pension Scheme (LGPS) we can't rule out further strike action by LGPS members. Since, in almost every workplace where there are members of the Teachers' Pension Scheme those members work alongside LGPS members, there is a compelling case for coordination between our respective trade unions.
An IDC Canada analysis of the local mobile market indicates that the Android mobile operating system will lead all other mobile operating systems.
Next is the question on the philosophy of education. Its an important one because it frames us to answer a lot of issues, beyond PTPTN and finances. So how do we see national education?
That was years and years ago, said Marian, waving her hand in the air. She regarded the kitchen disapprovingly. I see youre already making improvements to the house.
Tickets sales close in just over ten day's time so, if you've been umm-ing and ahh-ing, now is the time to get off the fence and book your place. Go here to book your tickets and then go here to the event's Flickr page to find out who else is going, where we're going on Friday night, who's arriving when and who's staying in which hotel.
Organs  The massaging movement tones organs and releases the toxins around them.
BUY SOME MUSIC DAMN IT (heres some stuff thats floatin my boat or is about to!)
I remember when I first felt this new level of intense fear that I'd never known before- even in all the hard times I'd survived in my life. We were in the hospital, Teagan was just a day or two old. We were faced with bringing her home and I realized I wouldn't have a nurses' call button at home. I wouldn't have immediate help and answers and experienced hands to step in and help. And when I felt that helplessness, I suddenly dipped my toe into this ocean of fear that I had never known before.
The thought was large  that of creating a category which they could own. Where the campaign gets hazy and goes wrong is in their effort to club two launches into one  the launch of the concept, LUV, and the launch of the first offering in the LUV class, Ertiga.
24.2 Billion * .56 = 13.4 Billion dollars = 10.3 Bn Euros = profit of 2.3 bn Euros, or 76 Million / year = yearly return of 1.2 percent. I think German Bonds are a better investment, and dont bother asking the bank to loan you anything.
Heres the thing, I know this sounds ridiculous, but the traveling life is EXHAUSTING. Especially if youre on a tight budget. You never have privacy, because youre sleeping in a room with 6 other people, but you also rarely have someone to see things with, since everyone is usually doing their own thing. And yes, you meet new friends, and its amazing to talk to all of these new people from new places and get new perspectives on life  but sometimes you just want to sleep without someone coming in at 2AM, or worry someone will steal your things in the night.
Revenge was not so sweet as I thought it would be
I wish employers would realize that offering the work at home option is a win-win. Happy employees are much more valuable than the unhappy ones, and their productivity proves it. There's still a lot of resistance, but maybe if enough of us start putting it out there, they'll come to meet the demands of the workers. After all, they can't have a business without us.
You are like a mystic fountain,
The protagonist of Girl with a Dragon Tattoo, Lisbeth Salander, is not the most charming heroine: shes an antisocial computer hacker who never smiles or has a kind word for anybody. However, we see early on that shes had a rough life. Not only does she live a lonely existence in a cold, humble apartment, but also, the only person she seems to love (her guardian) has a stroke and shes left in the hands of a disgusting man who abuses her.
I took this photo during a Moms Night Out dinner almost 3 weeks ago, a break that we all need from time to time.
But there I was, contorting my body in all kinds of ways to follow our daughter while my wife took pictures from below with her iPhone, which is quite a gig. We made it through unscathed. As we were coming down the stairs, my wife asked me a question, and when I turned to answer, our daughter fell down the remaining steps. It was, thank God, the most graceful fall on metal stairs I have ever witnessed, and she was much more scared than hurt.
A cute little bag
This is because when I was abroad for an assignment last year and when my Windows crashed unexpectedly (due to a registry screw up  what else?), all I needed to do was to fire up my Ubuntu and was still able to connect to the Internet to check my emails using Firefox, chat with my colleagues using Pidgin & Skype, open documents & spreadsheets using the free Libre Office and use OpenProj for project management, etc  well you get my drift. What I am trying to say here is that with Windows crashing down (and the only way to fix the crashed Windows was to reinstall Windows all over again  duh), it did not mean the end of story for me.
Me working the Make-and-Takes:
1/2 cup cornmeal (If you can only find cornmeal mix, skip the baking powder.)
1: refinement or delicacy of workmanship, structure, or texture
IGR. It is therefore incapable
At this school, before the kids assemble in the main classroom for lessons, they have a gym period of about half an hour. They go into a padded room which has a large trampoline and various pieces of climbing and swinging equipment, and run around like small madmen. I applaud whoever came up with this idea, of letting them burn off a little energy before having to sit still.
celebration and tolerance of all communities in London - all of which have made London the exceptional city that it is. Every Londoner should be able to openly express their cultural identity without fear of intolerance or hate.
I'm pushing 46 with a very short stick, so suffice it to say that I'm finding myself in the midst of the hormonal insanity that is perimenopause.
When we landed, the temperature was pretty surprising. Its chilly here! We were met by another sign, this one with a woman attached to it. Her English is good, but when I have a question, I ask it in Spanish. She answers slowly enough that I can understand her easily. She quelled our worries that hiking the citadel was perilous and scary, saying that four hundred people do it a day and that if youre slow, it takes and hour and twenty minutes. So well definitely be doing that.
But today I found myself giggling at random (which has been VERY rare this winter) and thought I'd share one of the sources of the giggles....
What about the party? Dont they have any consideration for the party? I ventured to ask.
I quickly became addicted and spent many hours poring over them. They had hundreds of glossy pages, or colour plates as they called them. Back then colour telly was still quite new, newspapers were black and white, the world itself was fairly dull. But these books were vibrant and detailed. I read about the Saxons, how they lived, what they ate, how they ate it. I learnt about the Romans and their underfloor heating, with the help of some of those glossy pictures, each of them beautifully illustrated. Nuclear Power was no longer a mystery thanks to these pages spelling it out for me. There was a even a full colour depiction of the last supper with a key as to who was who.
Stratis - Die Kur
I fokken know. I mean, really? WHAT IN THE NAME OF PLATONICALLY FROLICKING UNICORNS WOULD GIVE ANYONE THIS IDEA?!?! See, right there, I just had to scream because it was sort of warranted. the whole thing's just that utterly confounding to me. Utterly.
What are your thoughts or secrets on the subject? I would love to hear!
Even if I have the main plot thought out as I get to know my characters (quirks, likes, dislikes, appearance, etc.) They will breathe further life into the story as I find out about their own backgrounds and how some of the pieces of their past directly affect how they deal with the unfolding situation they find themselves in. There are times when Ill find myself boxed in with the storyline like scene that I have no idea where to go with next. Or perhaps Ive just closed out a scene and I just cant decide where to go next with the story. I of course know that long-term goal, but the intermediate scenes need more and I have to give the characters something else to do that will be relevant. On these occasions, Ill go someplace to muse and think.
She is in love with the devil, She is in love with ucifer
My hero - Sheriff Joe Arpaio (he of the pink underwear and tent jail in Arizona) - has a bounty on his head. Why? Because he dares to enforce the law. America better deal with Mexico quick-fast if its going to survive in the future. The border is leaking Mexican criminals into the country and if Obama doesn't have the cohones to do his job properly then Joe the Sheriff (not the plumber) will have to do it for him.
But what if dad is often out of town, or deployed and on the other side of the world. Why should these little ones not be able to hear their daddy's voices in the womb. Now they can! Sound Beginnings offers a service called Sound Delivery.
The cake was a tiered spice cake with caramel filling and vanilla cream with a fondant in white with ascending green vines. Kristen notes, "To our surprise the florist added some small orange flowers up the side."
Today.. its the 4th day of Chinese New Year
People like Megan Fox, who thinks that being good looking is the same as being a talented actor.
white pearl card
13) The Fat Duck (Bray, England)
I guess one way to try and get a bomb past a pat down at the airport is to put the explosive INSIDE the jihadi's body...you know, implant the bomb next to the guy's spleen. Well, that's apparently what al Qaeda is working on and counter-terrorism experts are concerned about it.
We have to say, we dont really mind this Izumo guy. Hes got a lot on his plate: the imminent collapse of his world and nothing to save it with. Hes done depending on others; needs a True Eve pronto. Hes a pragmatic guy; so rather than pounding his chest and attacking, he begins with peaceful negotiations. One girl in exchange for no war; which is not a bad deal. Only, theres no telling what he and Altair will be up to in if their power is restored. For all we know, maybe Altair needs to be weak if Vega is to thrive. Izumo refers to Vega as a former battlefield; it would seem from the look of the two worlds that his side lost. It also means hes a seasoned veteran and a pro; not some greenhorn teenager, and pilots his mecha accordingly. The Aquarion Gang is good, but arent any match for Izumo.
9. Dear Friend
Oh and I have my 2nd blogoversary coming up that I have done absolutely nothing for! Might have to have a belated giveaway :@
M: I think I better stop.
Straight Talk is offering several plans.
In this respect, and despite McBrides implication, the broader context of Murphys remarks was even more damning than the myriad factual inaccuracies taken alone. Beyond factually inaccurate descriptions of North Carolina legal procedures or some defense motions, each time in such a way to reinforce the ultimately-disbarred Mike Nifongs position, Murphys serial fabrications tended to fall into one of three general categories:
1 tsp. each salt & pepper (I halved this)
We read the story of Noah tonight. About how Noah preached to people for 100 years to stop being wicked, and to repent.
We live in a society that values cheerfulness at all costs, and sometimes, when it comes to grief, the cost of putting on a cheery mien to make others feel better is simply too high. Despite what people seem to think, happiness and joy are not the only allowable emotions. Grief is important, too. If the bereft shows no danger signs, such as drinking too much, blocking out family and friends for many months, suicidal impulses such as stockpiling pills, then its better to let grief take its course.
In this blog, we will discuss differences between wood and plastic cutting boards. Carolina Wood Designs boards are obviously, well, wood! But perhaps this will dispel questions about why you might choose a wood board over a plastic one. .
And from the looks of it, so did the sage.
What is Email Relay?
This is about two best friends in high school. One of them became popular so the two girls fell apart. This is a story of how the unpopular girl fought to regain their friendship, thus the title.
It occurs to me that snowmobiling is much like my spiritual life. Occasionally I drive, and it's me setting our course, weaving through the trees, getting us hopelessly lost. But when God takes the "wheel" and I hang on, trusting Him for the speed and destination, I see the scenery. I trust him to keep me safe. I trust him to bring me home, where there is an eternal supply of hot chocolate.
If you havent listened to The ArchAndroid by Janelle Mone, you should definitely do that right now. The eclecticism alone of the CD will have you picking your own jaw up from the floor.
ChipIn goes right to the DeLarso family by way of PayPal. It is a secure way of donating.
Thanks Danny Trent responded before sitting down and relaxing, crossing his legs and leaning back with his hands behind his head. Geoff sat down in the other chair, resting his forearms on his legs and leaning forward slightly.
BAKE 18-22 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean
Although it is located at the centre of a developing city, this site still maintains a sense of the poetic atmosphere of ancient Thng Long. Th Hc Bridge and Ngc Sn Temple have symbolized Thng LongH Ni for years.
No Tony and I did not join some S&M club The girls I work with and I decided to try something new for a workout. We were intrigued, confused, scared and excited as we kept hearing about this Pilates type of workout. Well we finally got our schedules in check and made our appointment at BTone Fitness. Making a 6:30 class took more planning than it looks since each class only has 11 people.
Here's a brief summary of Flight:
Again I ask, am I good enough Lord? Can I be that faithful servant with every shortcoming I have?
1. Miami Heat
Recall Tom Dyche
That also doubled as icy Diamond-studded seats!
Once a blogger shall always be a blogger. I realize that wherever I am, whatever I become, my love for blogging remains. For five years, I have experienced, and I felt what other bloggers have experienced.
This teen has never in her life seen the inside of a salon. Its so beautiful here, she whispered. It smells wonderful. I could just breathe here forever. Shes a non-smoker in a tiny smoking home.
In the Presence of the Holy One!
into the world to make your mark
Malt Variety: Two-row barley, Vienna, Munich 10L, m-100, aromatic
What a surreal feeling, walking up the rickity old driveway that my Dad and our neighbour between them (and a few flagons of beer) layed down over a period of time, You could tell how many beers they had by the quality of each patch of concrete....haha.....Then walking through the gate and face on with the hub of our childhood, it had been painted on the outside and a garage put up, but other than that it was like being transported back in time.
Sometimes I long to know how others see me, but what if its even worse than I imagine? maybe I'm better off in ignorance.
Nicholas Ridley agreed with the Act of Supremacy, supporting Henrys action. He became the kings chaplain and later, in the time of Edward VI, he was Bishop of Rochester. He helped to write the Book of Common Prayer. He became Bishop of London and worked to improve the conditions of the poor.
Had lawmakers known, it could have changed the whole approach to reform legislation, says Ted Kaufman, a former Democratic Senator from Delaware who, with Brown, introduced the bill to limit bank size.
But I'm a hard sci-fi aficionado, and I'm not going to deny anyone the use of a good blaster or a dramatic lightsaber if that's what they want in a story. What would you arm your sci-fi characters with?
Medical care.
R1: Ch 2, 6 sc in second ch from hook.
The cigarette was developed by a German company in the 1950s and soon became associated with an international sensibility due to its 'American blend' of various tobaccos from different countries. "The smell of the large far world: Peter Stuyvesant" went the slogan in 1958. It was test marketed in New York in 1957. Stuyvesant was not the only Dutch historical figure to make his cigarette debut that year; Rembrandt cigarettes also hit the streets of New York that year.
2. I Had the Craziest Dream
You can take a variety of steps to ensure your retirement years are not only enjoyable but also fruitful. Do all you can to keep your mind and body healthy. You can learn more information from articles such as this and from various newsletters targeted at people like you. By learning new ways to stay healthy and strong, your sunset years can be the most rewarding of your life.
My emotional challenges thus far have mainly consisted of changing the way I see the world emotionally, as its many times not a reflection of reality, but merely an echo of my past. For example I often find myself feeling unwelcomed*, so I spent an entire day walking around feeling welcomed by people. It made a massive difference to how much I was enjoying life.
Sorry, not much on narration today... but if you have any questions, feel free to email me or comment and I'll try to get back to you soon! Oh... and a lot of people ask me what Copic color combinations I use, so I added a tab at the top of my blog HERE. It isn't a complete list, but it's started at least :)
Seven of 10 recommendations made by the PSC in its interim report had been implemented including the use of indelible ink, advance voting for armed forces and police personnel, cleaning up the electoral roll, doing away with objection period for candidates on nomination day, and providing facilities for Malaysians overseas to register as postal voters.
So, ignorance is actually not knowing about your child but trusting them by not asking and having the incredibly difficult conversations your kids often talk about with their teachers.
The show has a large cast of characters, and it tends to show events from a lot of different perspectives. Its like a soap opera, but without an intense focus on relationships. Its like a mystery, but without clues or an overarching conflict. Its a lot easier to say what Durarara!! isnt than to say what it is. Hopefully the plot will become more clear as it unfolds.
6 April - House rises for recess
This was broadcast in 2008.
One of my family favorite food is pizza. With endless topping to choose from, you never feel bored to have pizza even on daily basis.
This is Volume III in Bruhns Wooden Ships and Iron Men series of books on Navy coastal minesweeping operations beginning in 1941. The two previous volumes focused on World War II and the Korean War. In this volume Bruhn, who served in the Navy from 1977-2001, looks at the work done by two dozen Navy coastal minesweepers from 1953-76. In addition to ferreting out mines and performing other operations in Vietnam, the ships crews also searched for downed aircraft, sunken ships, and lost munitions off the U.S. coasts, in the Caribbean, and throughout Asia.
Weigh oranges and add equal weight of sugar
I like being silly.
When appropriate, designers will also receive product from our monthly sponsor to use in the creation of their layouts.
Being proud of myself.
My last couple of articles talked about building relationships and how to effectively develop the important relationships in your life. In one of the articles I spoke about communicating and how our current generation is communicating more than ever via facebook, twitter and text along with a plethora of other social networks. there is nothing wrong with this other than it becomes easy to be bold behind the shelter of a keyboard and computer screen. this next series of articles will cover communication and how to be engaging in person.
Back soon!
Strega is an herbal Italian liqueur. If unable to find, make a cannoli-type ice cream with chopped bittersweet ice cream and chopped, toasted pistachios. If doing the cannoli-ice cream, omit the orange peel.
ALL the DD bras I've looked at for the last couple of years have been PADDED. Now while this may be highly desirable if you have smaller boobs, I don't know one single DD+ lady who is looking for MORE. The only way to get an unpadded bra is to order on-line (expensive) or go to a specialist shop (also expensive)
For everyday lose the crosses, and perhaps decrease or omit the candied peel.
so ive been trying to be really good and bring my lunch in every day instead of spending a kajillion dollars on sammiches (as delicious as they are, i am trying to have money for when i FINGERS CROSSED go to graduate school and am officially poor).
'It is apparently understood by serving police officers that one of the reasons, if not the reason, for the change in practice is so that the DNA of the offender can be obtained.'
Theres a reason we were all attracted to these brands back in high school and college, and its not because they could find an innocuous way to sew their logo along the waist line of a half assed, cheaply produced chino pant. Streetwear was glorious when it still knew that it was streetwear.
health care.
*You still are not a fan of meat
Your Hierarchy of Entitlement essay doesnt mention Jews. I would appreciate if you could further and more directly support your argument as I have mine. Im curious to see how your metric of who rapes who works out when applied to a group for which it is not even politically correct to note membership. Or how the hierarchy might shape up if it were based on a metric of say proclivity for financial and political power while enjoying relative immunity from scrutiny.
Talk about a double whammy (as opposed to a double cheeseburger).
Chuck: I don't know.
I am sorry that there is a name in your household that by its mere mention brings you deep sadness, severe worrying and embarrassment all in a moment.
And Finally, work will be taking me to some far and away places in the upcoming months. while searching for breweries in North Jersey (I have to spend some time there at the end of May), I stumbled across this video on the Cricket Hill Brewery website, makers of the best beer in the world, or so says Brew Master Rick Reed. After watching, I seriously considered staying an extra night just to see this guy in action.
Nevertheless, Ive come a long way in the past 10 years from being a junk food and sugar addict to a born again wild food enthusiast. Whilst searching through my documents I found a paragraph I wrote a few years ago from a piece on Spring plants. It is written with all the fervour of a wild food fanatic and convert from the sordid world or fodder feeding. It made me laugh, but is just as true and relevant today as it was when written a few years ago.
Besides, I have promises to keep.
Immigration is a weapon for the destruction of ethnically homogeneous nations. By transferring people across the globe, the unity of the land with the people who dwell on it is broken. When a territorial area is shared by many peoples of differing origins and cultures, it ceases to be anything other than a political entity, as defined by the legal boundaries within which it rests. For a land to be a real living country, it must be culturally one, and ethnically distinct. Anything less is meaningless.
The ad was shot in the Hornsey Tavern, north London, and the music is by a precocious eighteen year-old called Jake Bugg, who is to my ears like Ed Sheeran, only good. The gaffer is an actor, but many of the people are real punters, sharing real beer moments. The finished ad has been culled from about five hours of footage, the film crew just passing through the pub as people relaxed and shared a good time having a beer. It's the kind of positive image of beer and pubs the whole industry sorely needs more of.
Too bad I don't have scans of the Heritage cards he sent. I'm on the road and apparently forgot to save my scans from this deal.
I had a moment. That person may have thought it wasn't a pretty moment. I politely looked at her and said, "Oh, I am smart! I have a bachelor's degree from Texas A&M and have worked in social services since I graduated." I wanted to tell that person that I am more qualified to do her job than she is, but I refrained. My momma taught me better than that. Apparently her momma didn't teach her the same manners.
White wine with fish and red wine with meat  that still holds up I think. For most peoples taste it is unwise to go against this as the proteins in fish make red wine taste metallic and unpleasant. If you like it, fine, but most people seem not to.
Finally, where they entered toddling, they leap into the linear world out there, leaving me behind with a couple dozen new two-year-olds tottering and scattering.
Hickory Barbecue Sauce, 5 table spoons
Please grab the CYDA Winner's badge for your blog!!
~ Die cut letters
October 8 - Al Davis, AFL and NFL football executive (Oakland Raiders), 82
following 0 people
Overall Impression (2)
Susan Jacques
and I try it on again and Stephanie is like
Dear Lord, You see the pain and hopelessness that this disorder brings. You have seen my tears and know my heartaches in the midst of this devastating trial. And yet, God, You say that You have plans for ___________ to bring him or her a hope and a future.
Bananas and avocados  simply take a  avocado or  banana with you in a Ziploc baggie, a container to mash in, and a spoon for feeding! I usually add a pinch of warm water (optional) to mash. They may turn a touch brown throughout the day, but it will not affect the quality or taste of the food.
The BNPs leader has already announced he will stand against Labour minister Margaret Hodge in next years general election, and senior party figures now fear a double-whammy in the BNPs heartland. It won 17 per cent of the vote in the 2005 general election.
a significant rise in intelligence as well as heart opening, together.
Lorraine is a very small wine producing area in north east France, just slightly west of Alsace and centered around Metz and Nancy. Today the place barely shows up on our radar as a wine producer, but once upon a time vines flourished here. Before Appellation crontrle regulations much of the grapes for Champagne came from this area. Phylloxerra arrived here much later than Champagne, so it was of huge benefit to have this source of grapes  Champagne grapes were also grown in Luxembourg in those more relaxed days. After 1871 Lorraine became a part of the German Empire, until 1918, and the grape growers of Lorraine became suppliers to the fledgling Sekt industry.
Regular readers of my blog will know I do not seek prizes, honours or awards. If I fancy an award  I simply give it to myself. It is quite possible that I may be an Earl later in the day, only to change my mind and make myself a Duke. However.I am honored (sic) to discover that my Blawg Review #292 was recognised as Blawg Review of The Year for 2011. Thank you for that.
Once upon a time I would have said that popular fiction was pretty much what I read. But after reading John Brendt's "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil," I was sold on the possibility that a non-fiction book could be just as compelling as fiction. Possibly more so. Depending on how the story was told.
I often find myself watching the Food Network and seeing all of these amazing places. Ill put the restaurant in a memo in my phone (an in case you find your self in (insert area) list) and often forget about it completely. THIS TIME I thought ahead for both of us. St. Pete has three restaurants, close to our hotel, that have been on various Food Network shows! Not only will you be able to go home and say you spent a week at a beautiful location, learned new strategies for working with adult learners, and met great people, you can also add that you ate at a restaurant that was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives!
Each heavy book, its pages
turn the page to your next adventure
1 x (392)Mamee Premium - Vege Curry = 4.39
Jay Austin HOU T 20
I managed to stick to the 10 food budget for last week, the grand total spent was 9.49, which Im very pleased about. I did manage to get some things from the reduced section which was great, hopefully will time it right again this week and get some more bits.
889, see you guys at the gathering tonight!!!
You might not think that you are a marketing and sales person, but if you own or work in a small business think again. When youre in business for yourself  whether you like it or not, feel like youre good at it or not  you are a marketing and sales person.
"Fill this out and wait."
Being the polite well-behaved young woman I am, I smiled nicely and said, thank you and continued to watch the fireworks from our bench.
Nine, ten.
Sleeping Beauty had no choice but to wait, her life literally on hold until someone was brave enough to reach out into her world and wake her up. Sometimes its not up to us but we cant lose hope.
Hi, everyone! Its Lori and and its my turn as hostess for this weeks Color Throwdown challenge. Heres the color palette for the week, inspired by a pretty living room photo I found online at Better Homes and Gardens: Tempting Turquoise, Kiwi Kiss, Daffodil Delight, and Basic Gray.
Bo Glies Nandfred (), Hanna Hjort (Soprano), Annette Simonsen (Mezzo Soprano),
14-Third Degree
We are heartbroken.
I really love this movie, and have always felt like it's been overlooked. I highly recommend it to fans of prison dramas. I love the performances in it, I think the set design is great, and that it's got great atmosphere. I really hope that people who haven't seen it check it out.
Spinach gnocchi with brown butter
We are also in the same room we spent 5 weeks in last Spring. I actually prayed a couple hours before the surgery was over that we would get the same room. I know it's minor compared to everything else but for several reasons I wanted the same room. I was amazed when the surgical nurse told us we would be in the same room (I don't know why... it's not like I think God can't do that). But it was definitely a reminder that God cares about the little things that matter to us, even in the midst of the big things that matter to us. I am learning that I can ask God for anything, not just the big things. For some reason it's a recent revelation to me. And with that I am starting to involve God in more of my life.
Last week I ate bream. It was the best most enjoyable piece of fish Ive eaten in an age. If fish is served in heaven if will be like this: perfectly cooked, gorgeously moist, delicate and melting in the mouth with a really crispy skin served on a risotto and something green
Thanks to all who joined and listed me as the person who referred them....
Tortilla de patata is a traditional tapa served in Spain either by itself, hot or cold or snugged between a piece of crusty bread rubbed with tomatoes, salt and olive oil (see pan tumaca). Thats right- I just busted out one of the few words I can say in Catalan, which happens to be my families native language. I can understand it and speak a word here or there, but I speak Castellano and not so much Catalan. Since I was a little girl, I can remember my favorite dinners with my mom: tortilla de patata, pan tumaca and some good green olives with a side salad. You may find one step of this recipe challenging, which is flipping the tortilla, but follow my fool-proof method and you can surely make this on your own. There are only 4 ingredients (and one is optional).
It became a conversation, and it was comfortable. I was asked questions, and I stressed that although Im no expert, Im an enthusiast. I did the best I could and gave the best information I could, and also asked my own questions.
Me "No i'm hurt you hurt me and your not listening"
So these politics of the soil really do work across species, dont they? Hungary was, after all, the first European country in the 20th century to cap the percentage of Jewish students at universities.
The sun is shining so it is a little more tolerable today outside than yesterday.
On at least one trip in 2004, Altantuya, then Razak Bagindas lover, accompanied him to France as a translator. He later jilted her, impelling her to come to Kuala Lumpur to demand US$500,000 (RM1.5 million) from him. In a handwritten letter found after her death, she wrote that she was attempting to blackmail him, although she didnt say why.
Had you asked me a couple of years ago about the prospect of a college football super division, I would have said something like that would be a long way off. Now, Im thinking its a whole lot closer than expected. Interesting times, indeed.
The uses for barbecue sauce are endless. How do you use your barbecue sauce?
At hindsight, its clear that every single one of the main characters fall into a stereotype. That isnt a very bad thing alone, but the problem is that they never manage to break free from the clichd character traits theyve been given. Only Jintan and to a lesser extent Yukiatsu manage to get decent character development.
While the sludge, a mix of household and industrial waste, has been used as a crop fertilizer for years, recent regulatory changes have made it easier for farmers to use.
former of warmth and lift,
Took your soul out into the night.
If you were going to write a book, what would you write about? Would it be fiction, or nonfiction?
I heard my first cuckoo yesterday morning - I was so pleased as I was worried that their falling numbers and the poor weather might mean that I wouldn't hear that wonderful herald of early summer this year.
The above definition best applies to my absence from the blogasphere and online presence in general. If youve been following me for awhile, youll be familiar with my trials and tribulations of which Ive no need or desire to recount. Suffice it to say  my cup runneth over , with what, Ill leave to your very capable imaginations.
Pink of course lol. I decided to go with the color in the middle, Strawberry Mousse, and it's so pink! I wasn't expecting it to be so pink, because the swatch in real life looks like a pale pink, but it turned out more like a bubblegum pink. But I do like the color, even my boyfriend said it was pretty.
I did manually introduce some separation, by using a mixing method I detail below, and a little of mda_image. I feel the end justified the means as the clarity this brought means that each instrument can be heard.
In restaurant menus, crab cakes are often found sitting prettily on top of pasta dishes as a main course. To round out my Valentine's dinner, I zoomed in on a recipe that I had snagged some time ago but hadn't yet tried. Roasted Red Pepper Puree with Prosciutto and Pasta appears to be a great complement for my love of crab. The sauce is rich and flavorful enough to stand on its own with the pasta, but the crab cakes elevate the meal to something even more special. Valentine's Dinner is crab cakes and pasta On My Plate.
1 star.
As a parent, sets high standards and wants everything done right.
I saw the Beatles live in 1964, 1965 and 1966. And the Rolling Stones in 1965 and 1972. Thats a give-away as to my age.
Realize that this is a condensed retelling of the story of The Pordigal Son without all the sinful details but it also speaks of the human condition and if it seems a bit far-fetched; it really isnt. I know.
The course skirts around the base of Wild Horse Mountain, and varies between wide fire roads, sandy tracks, and lush pine forest single track. Theres one water station (at the half-way mark), and there is a requirement that everyone carries their own water. It is probably the flattest trail run that I have ever done, but some sandy sections feel like youre going up hill! (See some course photos here)
Clock Work
- Cover Girl and Olay Simply Ageless makeup: 15% off
One objection to the 1997 study was that the pediatricians may have mistaken fat deposits for breast tissue in some girls, or differed in other ways in assessing the stage of breast development.
It shouldve been Chris Brwon ft Chipmink.. but i leave it up to u to decide
When youre looking for a new smartphone, choosing an iPhone or Android phone isnt a simple task. While both phones offer a lot of great features, they may seem so similar that its hard to distinguish between them. If you look closely, though, youll find that there are some key differences. Thirteen of those differences are examined here to help you decide whether an iPhone or Android phone is right for you.
And Joe used to get very frustrated as I had to keep saying no to him. I just could not believe what he wanted me to do. Hed lean over while we were watching TV and grope me. Thats not how married couples behave.
"If ten years ago, someone said to you that you'd be such an avid outdoorsman, what would you say?" This is an old bit of dialog between us, being part joke, part rhetorical question, and part mathematical formula.
That is amazing to me.
Add the frog legs and shake to coat the meat evenly
Doo dee doo!
Chris slept in the van. Not because there was no room, but because we can wake him easier if he's already in the van.
Topsy tracked 168 hashtag mentions, 120 on Quest day itself, which doesnt make it a trending topic  but its probably about 160 more tweets than weve had about Quest in past years. The four videos may not have gone viral (I do hate that phrase) but garnered more than 550 plays and counting. I saw them widely shared around Facebook and Twitter as well. So while not everyone would consider these knockout social media statistics, they do represent a nice starting point for an event that hasnt had much of a social profile previously. Moreoever, it shows it is indeed possible to build a social audience for an academic event, a nice finding in itself.
I should add that the sound on the LP at hand is quite good, and so is the quality of the various accompaniments. Details are on the label scans in the download.
Plus, in a recent blind taste test hosted by Chefs Collaborative in May 2000, at the French Culinary Institute in New York City, wild Alaskan Coho salmon, frozen at sea, ranked first in flavor, texture and aroma.. Wild Oregon Chinook (also called King) salmon, fresh, came in a close second.
Lead us in the Way you have prepared for our feet
It really is too long for a blog post, yet unlike last year's talk, I really don't feel like this one can be broken up into multiple posts. So, I shall simply post it all despite it's length, with a "read more" option so people who aren't interested don't have to scroll forever to get to older posts... So, here it is!
And at this moment, Im grateful to be taking the time to reflect. To appreciate the people that helped me today. To remember the special and wonderful moments that arose. To recognize that today was a good day.
It has only been a few weeks, but I really think it's time to go back. The first photo is of Cinnamon Bay, and we stayed in a "rustic" cabin just a few steps from the beach. The second photo was taken from a taxi ride on the main road, and is of Caneel Bay resort, the not-so-rustic place where celebrities vacation. Every cab driver we met told us that they see Alan Alda all the time out here. We didn't see him.
Last week when a major DIY discovery fell into my lap (summary: a life changing moment when I found out that oven cleaner can turn brass to chrome by removing the brass finish to reveal the metal underneathclick here for full post) I thought of a million projects to tacklethe first being my older than dirt doorknobs.
8. Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters - Levitation (from LP "ACid Test" 1966)
As is the norm, I thought I would share some pics of the weekend. For the life of me, I can't remember the names of all the ladies, but as you can see, we are a big group :-).
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Whisk in flour until it thickens and bubbles, then whisk in milk and Dijon. Continue to whisk mixture and cook until slightly thickened, about 3-5 minutes.
Together we make chapters
Agnieszka.
It happens every year. A list is posted, and one girl from each grade is chosen as the prettiest, and another is chosen as the ugliest. Nobody knows who makes the list. It almost doesnt matter. The damage is done the minute it goes up.
Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson are always reliably good in theater-driven stuff. Judi Dench directs, but it's a limited, anemic direction, still speaking theater language when it should be speaking movie.
I'm not going to do that. And I'm probably not going to go to your website to read pages. When an agent asks for the first N to N+1 pages in a query, you have to paste them in the email. NOT include a URL.
I can not bind it and force submission
How to create a mystery novel? Of course, the answer is to read as many mysteries as possible. There are no better models than the classics by Raymond Chandler or the modern thrillers written by Martin Cruz Smith  who I unashamedly admit to be my lord of lords, creator of the Moscow-based detective, Arkady Renko, who first appeared in Gorky Park. (I would sacrifice a very private portion of my anatomy if I could write a fraction as well as Mr. Smith can  the left one, in fact.) You can even learn something from Janet Evanovich, who is more machine these days than writer. Though her plots may be thin and repetitious, they still obey certain rules that a new writer can observe, internalize, and replicate.
3/4 c chicken broth
Elemental Styles 99 E=mc^2
Once others admit this to themselves, you will stop seeing self righteous assholes talk about the 1% or talk about how others are heartless when they themselves are clearly not stretching themselves to the maximum.
Mr Hickey said he had been surprised to discover the passports were for the IRA. I wouldnt have thought Colton was working for the IRA like thatif he was, he was only doing it for money.
Its dead.
This photo shows how I spent the same Saturday night!!
Oddly enough it wasnt too big a struggle to get the boys to bed after that, and as they settled down, we caught up with Mum, Dad and Colin.
5.) Sense of Control Over Life
Where, how did I
Greene took hard losses early to the likes of Carl Lewis, Ato Boldon, Donovan Bailey and Bruny Surin before finally coming into his own with his own gold medal in 97. Bolt was regularly behind Wallace Spearmon, Xavier Carter, and Tyson Gay before coming into his own. And Gay was a regular behind Justin Gatlin, Leonard Scott, and Asafa Powell himself before coming into his own. They all shared the misfortune (or perhaps fortune) of watching others beat them. Making them more competitive  hungry to turn the tables. They all had to learn to dig down DEEP to find what it takes to win against the best, and to do it under pressure. There was no path of easy, shut it down victories on their paths to success. Adversity and challenge was a daily staple. And you could/can see a fierceness in their eyes at the starting line and during the race  competitors that WILL NOT be denied!
Intersection of Osler/Main and Governor's/Dundas due for extra turning lanes, yes, more widening thanks to the DDTMP...
when I was young you spoke to me,
- Its been 3 weeks since you debuted.
They checked around, learned Peter Paul Prier was THE place to get the best violins, and without telling me flew to Utah, made a purchase, returned home one evening and surprised me with my new violin! They told me it was a very good violin, that I needed to take care of itand that if for some reason I ever needed to sell it someday I should return to Peter Paul Prier and sell it back to him. Thats what Mr. Prier had told them.
Getting back to the heroes - as the stories continued, I, along with the heroine, began to see the person behind the stuffy mask, and each hero turned out to be really heroic - a truly good guy, someone the heroine can rely on through anything and everything.
As I walked out the door with the nurse, she said, Do you think shell really go back? I began to tear up. Well, its what she wants, but I cant see her being able to care for herself. Believe me, I said, if I was a wealthy woman, I would put her in a little place of her own, with someone to care for her. Just so she could go back. As I looked at the nurse, I could see she had tears in her eyes too. She had lost her mother years before, so I think we shared a common understanding of this sorrow. Watching the decline of her own mother sounds difficult. She had a nurse coming in as well.
Everywhere I go, I can never resist climbing to some high point to see a view. These steps in Geoje-do, South Korea represent the journey as discovery, as awakening. They seem hopeful and represent for me the possibilities that a journey holds.
2 cups wheat
Then you should say what you mean,' the March Hare went on. `I do,' Alice hastily replied; `at least - at least I mean what I say - that's the same thing, you know.'
Outside of Man or Astroman?, Sun Ra, and, um, TrustCompany (who slavishly honed their act, went on self-financed van tours for years, and played exactly the kind of music they wanted to), y'all're probably unaware of Alabama's rich history of underground music. That's where I come in.
What do our dear lords do? They take it for a mere jest. It is a fact that the Turk is at our throat, and even if he does not will to march against us this year, yet he is there, armed and ready any hour to attack us, when he will, and yet our princes discuss, meanwhile, how they can harass Luther and the Gospel. It is the Turk! Against it force must be used! It must be put out! That is what they are doing right now at Speyer, making the greatest ado about the eating of meat and fish, and foolishness like that.
She runs through the doorway and can feel air rushing against her skin as she hurls herself along in long strides. Her bruised breasts and body bounce painfully in opposite directions, the soles of her feet slapping noisily against the darkened floor. Despite the obvious signs of moving closer, somehow the woman seems to be receding from her, as if the distance between them is growing instead of shrinking. A sense of dread and foreboding fill her, and she dares to look over her shoulder, only to find her unhappy attendants chasing after her desperately.
Do not get overly enthusiastic with the attractive look involving cars as you can pass up to think about its features for important. Investing in appropriate product will make you happier as well as pleased. Explore the various styles purchasing.
19. Goin' Down Slow
Morello: Okay. Were going to talk about the new game mode, Supremacy. Is everyone here?
to gravity's invention;
Pierre Herme and Laduree have a recipe for their passion fruit and raspberry tart. Pierre's version has a layer of thin genoise and raspberry jam in the bottom, while laduree does not. Instead, Laduree's version has fresh raspberries on top of the tart, which one of my favorite blogger, Evan, tried in her blog and she made it as beautiful as the book does. The recipe for the passion fruit cream is similar, both has huge amount of butter that you blend at the end. It is not really surprising since Pierre used to work at Laduree before opening his own shop, so you would find similar desserts between the two. I decided to go with Pierre's version by adding thin genoise and raspberry jam layer in the middle. I didn't use his genoise recipe though, I used some joconde I had available at that time and I made simple raspberry jelly.
Eh? she grunted.
At the time Roland and his friends come upon Calla Bryn Sturgis, the wolves are less than a month from arriving, and the town is contemplating whether to stand and fight. Cue conflict, hijinks ensue.
I enjoy knitting hats and squares for orphans in South Africa. This is my third hat and my 29th square. If you are interested in knitting for the orphans click on this link.
If you don't already know, the Color Me Copic Club is a terrific group for folks who want to learn more about Copic Markers and build their collection of colors. Beginners and seasoned Copic users alike, benefit from the club's resources. Each month, members receive 6 markers that have been selected to round out their color charts. They also have full access to a private Facebook forum where they share their art, ideas, and Copic tips and tricks. It's a terrific community resource for all things Copic.
kids dancing in the aisles.
Graham: if we rally around Mitt Romney
From that seat, you watch the meat wagons arriving full of bloodied drunks, pensioners disoriented after falls, people on bad drug trips. If youve read me, youll know Im not squeamish. But at times even Ive needed to turn away from what was being wheeled down that corridor outside Majors. Ive also winced at the shrieked claims of inebriated girls about what they took or what they definitely didnt do with whom. Some of them, sad to say, are young enough to read my childrens books. Ive shrunk away from the huddles of defensive friends, hustling the fumes of their nights drinking through the disinfected air. Almost worse is the occasional querulous posh person who turns up with a finger-tip lopped off in a gin-and-gardening incident. They bray their needs imperiously, oblivious to the exhaustion of the staff or the less socially entitled who might be ahead of them in the queue.
7. Village Idiots
Energy Visionary
Texting can be a great way of communicating if you keep a few things in mind. Explain whats expected of your teens, set boundaries, discuss stories in the news of kids who have been the victims of bullies, and repeat your talks about treating others with respect in all areas of communication. Oh yeah, and maybe get a text to English dictionary so you have a clue what your kids are talking about when they write "MMK" or "@TEOTD".
-J.A. Vasquez
Ford Madox Ford, The Good Soldier  Ive never tried Ford and Im interested in World War I literature
Beside the lake, beneath the trees,
Lenny was Born 11 years ago.
However, the home minister still retains powers to grant a licence or to refuse an application for a printing press. He can also suspend licences for any period he considers desirable.
If youre like most people, most of those books have collected quite a bit of dust over the months and years. You dont want to get rid of them. After all, books are some of our best friends! But, you do want to reclaim that space, right? The perfect solution? Why, your self storage unit of course! here are a few suggestions that will give your stored books optimal protection for several years.
Father of Deities,
Reading this book  the 13th in the Detective Warshawski series  is like catching up with a long-time acquaintance. Not a friend mind you, an acquaintance. V.I. as she prefers - not Vicki or Victoria and only occasionally Vic - is portrayed once again as a brusque, nearly unisex character with conflicted identity issues. Even at the age of 50, shes far too tough on herself. V.I. does some considerable soul searching while assuming the persona of a champion whose mission it is to right injustice.
All the Casio Solar watches are very much in demand because they are extremely modern. These solar watches are highly beneficial for keeping the surroundings clean and green. All the solar watches are made with a combination of cesium and hydrogen and hence these can be easily recycled without polluting the environment. Disposing such watches is harmless. Casio keeps continuously working with its highly experienced team in order to give all its customers the latest products every time for their convenience
Expect it to take around 2 weeks to arrive on their standard shipping offering. Shipping isn't cheap, but as I said, that's lasted me 2 years and I still have quite a bit in the bottle. Also, expect your post people to be grumpy about receiving it unless they've updated their MSDS labeling in their shipping documentation. It is worth the wait and the displeased post carrier. There's no chemical smell, only a faint orange scent and it is the very best thing I've used to blend out my pencils.
Also, to propel myself back to regular postings, I am going to commit, here and now, to an overdue post for Matteo (he's 8 months old now!!!) and a Flat Twins post - all this week. Some of you know where the Flat Twins are but for those of you who don't, stay tuned! I have some very cute pics coming :)
Her shoulder plate is actually quite deep, it goes nearly to the red silk ribbon on her dress. She is a rare survivor to remain in such good condition~ her wax is clean and bright, just nearly as it once was when new. These dollys were commonly sold in places like the famed 'SoHo Bazaar' in London, and by peddlers called 'Bagmen'~ which is where the term 'Bagmen Babies' also comes from.
- Seeing this amazing lady play live at the Deaf Institute in Manchester...
we are the future
Despite the rhetoric about a fairer economy, the current economic policy is anything but. In an effort to cleanse the hypothetical national debt the government is making peoples lives significantly worse. Until we establish who the money is owed to, how much it actually is and why the hell the government thinks that money is more important than, say, education, the people shouldnt be paying.
Here is where I will be in the next month. Check out the list of events to see if I am coming your way. If I'll be near you, please come see me. I'll sign your books, talk literary crushes, dissect the Hunger Games movie with you, whatever. I may even have bottles of TSG nail polish to give away at some of the events.
To work them all in meant a five-mile foot journey over wild and generally snowed-up country. So the first thing we did was to plan our route; a formality, as the route never changed. All the same, we blew on our fingers and argued; and then we chose our Leader. This was not binding, for we all fancied ourselves as Leaders, and he who started the night in that position usually trailed home with a bloody nose.
PFC Medina
2-7 Blackout
Here it is, Saturday morning at 1:23a.m. and I should be asleep becuase I have to start the major house packing in the morning for the big move on the 7th January (one of my followers is also moving that day!).
More of "team herd,"
The Oracle chief sits atop a fortune that is $11.5 billion bigger than last year thanks to a 30% jump in the software companys shares. In November Oracle won a mud-slinging copyright infringement court battle against German software rival SAP worth $1.3 billion. SAP is contesting the outcome. Oracle has acquired 75 companies over the years worth $40 billion, and figured out a way to turn a profit on its latest big buy, Sun Microsystems, in 2010. One of the highest-paid executives in the U.S., Ellison reaped $960 million in compensation in the past five fiscal years, mostly from exercising stock options; he recently cut his salary to $1. An avid yachtsman, Ellison spent a decade and over $100 million on his quest for the Americas Cup, which he finally won in February 2010, beating Swiss rival (and billionaire) Ernesto Bertarelli. He is bringing the Americas Cup to San Francisco in 2013. Intends to give 95% of wealth to charity.
As soon as I heard about the TV show on AMC, I started DVR-ing it. It is the only show that Chris and I will try to watch as close to live as possible. Everything else we will try to wait until later so we can fast forward the commercials, or it just doesnt matter if we watch it on the same day as the release. (American Idol and Army Wives, my guilty pleasures, are different I prefer to watch Wednesdays AIs fairly close so I can vote, and Ill stay up past Chris bedtime to watch AW. He wont watch either.) We also watch The Talking Dead with one of our favorite TV show hosts, Chris Hardwick, host of a G4 classic Web Soup. The show is rather shocking, considering that it is on TV. It is gorier than any show I can remember seeing on TV. The typical special effects that TV studios shy away from, that are usually relegated to print or R rated movies, are seen in full display here. Shooting a little girl in the face? Yep. Twice. Once in the series premiere, once in a season finale. Life or death situations for children? Yep. Practically every episode. Bodies splitting in half and continuing to come after you? Well walker. Being a proper zombie show, there are headshots and pink mist galore. though I suppose its more a grey mist here. As awesome and shocking as the show is, though, the comics are moreso. Im sure part of it is the fact that it is WAY easier to draw someones eyeball hanging from its socket, or chopping two little girls heads off (those ones werent even infected) than it is to make it convincing on TV. Another thing is that as much as they have shown that nobody is safe in the show, the feeling is even more intense in the comics especially at the end of the prison setting.
Averys Kaiser is an Imperial Oktoberfest, which is quite a strange duck. Overall it is well made and quite quaffable, but it just does not do it for me as an Oktoberfest beer. Itll get you drunk (ABV: 9.37%), after one I was feelin it. This is what Avery has to say about its two-beers-in-one Oktoberfest:
I would remember the days I had dad by my side and then one night, out of the blue I began to think about running a marathon again.
Unreal City
We went to Wal Mart to get shotgun shells
Today, I woke up at noon. Something I never do, because I think sleeping away at least four hours of your life in the morning, when you could be doing something productive, is a waste. When you could just do that sleeping at night instead of staring into space and letting thoughts eat at your brain. But I guess that's hypocritical of me to say, because that's exactly what I do. Oh well.
People often feel angry when they feel disrespected or unheard, some of us feel angry on the social situations too like rising prices and other social situations that dont really serve any good to the society. Now, go back to the previous line and re read it.
1048 **D-V/22/1989. The Allan Bloom Book and Education Today. Faculty Retreat, Lenoir-Rhyne College, Lutheridge Camp, Arden, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(11), above, pp. 156-63.) See Item C-1998(1), above, Item D-X/27/1991, below.
Has she been wearing the same watch for years? Spruce up her wrist with this Ballon Bleu from Cartier.
I am so happy to tell you that I lost another pound this week. At first I was disappointed that it was only one pound lost but I have come to the conclusion that one pound lost is better than none. I have had a wonderful week. I ran into TJ Maxx one day on my lunch break and I found a pair of Calvin Klein Jeans that I really liked so I tried them on. They were a size smaller than the smallest jeans I have been wearing so I wasn't sure that they were going to fit. Also they are a slim fit which has always been hard for me to get even in the current size I wear. As soon as I pulled them on I was so excited. They fit, actually they are sort of loose. At this rate of weight loss I will not be wearing them long.
Show off your best Freestyle-inspired jump on the famous Barton Springs diving board on Saturday, July 7th. Check in and register near the entrance to Barton Springs Pool from 7:00-8:15 am, and the contest begins at 8:30 am. Registration is $25 and all proceeds go to Austin Parks Foundation. You must be at least 18 years old and able to swim to enter the jump contest. Jumps will be judged on showmanship and freestyle-inspired creativity. There will be an awards party with prize giveaways and BBQ at the brewery from 12 noon to 2pm.
My first verse of poetry-
Mugabe met Malema -- who was concluding a four-day visit to the country as a guest of Zanu PF -- at State House for over two hours on Monday.
All in all, the concert was an appetite-whetting prelude to the international tour of Einstein on the Beach thats underway this year in honor of the works 35th anniversary. The dazzling video work in this production by Mezzocchi and Saeborjsson begs the question of whether Wilson will be updating Einstein will digital projections (I could see it going either way). Well just have to tune in when the tour hits the U.S., where it opens at BAMs Next Wave Festival on Sept 14-23 and makes it first-ever (!) West Coast debut in Zellerbach Hall at UC Berkeley Oct. 26-28.
As we are working on our end of month assessments for our Data Notebooks, I thought I would share a bit about what we do. Our Data Notebooks are actually folders with brads... but I have used binders in the past too. (I switched to folders when Staples started all their amazing penny sales a few years ago!!)
I did not blog last week really because...well...I barely wanted to breathe. You see, our house has been in a state of disarray for about about two months now. This was a combination of piles of stuff in the living room that was for a yard sale. We were having a yard sale because we cleaned out the room we were using for storage because that room was getting finished to be used as a combo dining and 'Masterpiece Theatre' area. Then, we also had been waiting for a fridge for a long time from Best Buy and then needed to be cut and sanded down, blah, blah, blah.
Still sleeping in his crib,
Most of the Lucky Lab beers are aggressive, which suits the taste of Portlanders, who like their beers to have intense flavors. Dog Day IPA is an exceptional example of an India Pale Ale, a notoriously strong, hoppy style. On the other end of the spectrum, Black Lab Stout is so impenetrable with dark malts that, unless its been cask-conditioned, it is likely to overwhelm most drinkers. For a milder beer, try Stumptown Porter or Knigs Klsch.
The defeat didnt take away from a tremendous season for Kingsway, which captured the Tri-County Conference Royal Division title.
poisoning.
is fair enough.
Wilma's slow pace is costing us too much in marina fees, rental car days, and motel nights. When all is said and done, we'll have gone through more than a month's worth of cruising budget in order to spend this week on land. And I know we've been making the best decisions we could with the information that was available at each decision point, but it's pretty frustrating that we could have had another day or two in the Tortugas or Key West.
Whence true authority in men; though both
HOPE...
Is it too late to say Im sorry? Selsor said. I am truly sorry for the suffering and damage I have caused.
Gardeners World, Britain
As for the States, they are more likely to take some action, but even then you will have to cross your fingers. A good start would be the forced renegotiation of civil service contracts.
You havent told him? Sonja asks.
While You Were Sleeping
A new music business plan client made a joke other day about online marketing and saying that I was practicing most of what I was preaching to him but not plugging my book or services lately. So, I am going to get back to the monthly plug as a music consultant, my book, my speaking and my services for this blog. Thanks Jay!!!
I've linked Karen's frosting recipe above - she has several video tutorials on her web site. I also like the tutorials for icing consistency from Ali Bee. I LOVE video tutorials - I'm definitely a person who likes to see how to do things in action! I found her method of thinning with a spray bottle of water to be so much more controlled and better and getting a good consistency than any other way I've done it. I didn't use the squirt bottle of water for the batch of frosting for the starfish...and I got it a bit too runny - overflows! I learned my lesson and got the squirt bottle for everything else. Soooo much easier to control. I also find working in small bowls in small batches to be the best way to get good icing consistency. I never think I'm going to have enough...and I almost always have too much! The small squeeze bottles were superb for decorating the details.
Before leaving the lunch, I got to sit down with Maimonide owner and French restaurateur and hotelier Cyril Aouizerate and get to know him a bit better. A father of four children, Cyril flies back and forth between here and his home in France, spending a week out of every month in NY. He is a former professor of philosophy, and named Maimonide after a famous Jewish philosopher.
"Hi Tony,when I joined the Halifax site and saw your name I realised who you were and commented somewhere that I knew your mum. eventually I got the photos on, I have lots of the nursery but only this one with your mum on. It was Oct. 1968 when the nursery opened and I was the Nusery Nurse in charge until its close in 1974. Your mum came as a volunteer 2 sessions a week, she only stayed maybe a year or so, I really can't remember. Its funny to think I was only 18 and now turned 60, your mum must have been a good age when she passed away.I hope she had a happy life I do have fond memories of her working with me, even though it was a short time.
A helicopter ride had long been an item on Busy-And-Important-Husbands bucket list. Me? Terrified of them. Flying eggbeaters arent my idea of a good time, but just as I was about to utter an unequivocal no, he pulled out the trump card.
I also got basil for my garden as I always do every year. This year, basil has been growing really well so I have already harvested them twice and made pesto pasta. This pesto was really good. I wrote it down the recipe so I would like to upload it some other time.
When to use: After the failure of a trick play. Feel free to use it against both your team and the opposition.
But one thing troubles me. There is no question that Mr. Soros is very wealthy. According to Forbes (Sept. 10) he is the 14th richest American with a fortune of $14.2 billion. But even with that kind of money, it is difficult to understand how he can afford to give hundreds of millions of dollars to political causes without significantly decreasing his own wealth.
Just remember, its a choice. He doesnt make us love Him. He doesnt make us worship Him. Its our own choice. Are you willing to live for Him or for earthly things?
But beware, some of these items are probably more proper for a "dream-on" list and should be reserved for someone incredibly special unless you have bottomless pockets or the unique love language for this sort of thing. Most of it is fair game, though!
And I can't find job in this town because of why again?
Who would you recommend it to? Anyone who has a dog or who has ever had a dog. Anyone who loved The Incredible Journey and the movie Homeward Bound.
F*cking Unicron!
I find it deeply disturbing that my peers are choosing to enter the military in such a day and age. Two recent enlistments are college just-graduates who cannot find jobs in their area of study. Their case is not unique, but is actually a deliberate policy by the criminals in Washington. Known as military Keynesianism, it is the program of offering the military as an "employer of last resort" during economic downturns. The scum who pursue this despicable strategy then tout the lower unemployment rate.
That is perhaps the most important part of the routine: I have to read before going to bed. Otherwise my brain will not. shut. up.
Rolling on her side, she closes her eyes and falls asleep.
Snack: 2 Jell-o snack pack (20 calories)
Called to Serve. Prepared to Lead.
10. The minister forgot to show up
Welcome to the Scrap365 June 2012 Issue Sketch Challenge.
Law and policy relating to family planning in China do not remain certain and stable and that the uncertain and unstable law- and policy-making on population leave space for the state to exert its discretion over the provision of abortion services. As a result, women are put in a disadvantaged position from which they can be powerless to control both their reproductive bodies and their daily lives. At the beginning of the 1980s, a series of social changes and economic reforms relaxed the control of national and local authorities over individuals and also reduced their ability to implement family-planning policies. (Winckler, 2002) Therefore, compared to the methods of implementing the birth control policy in the first two decade of the post-Maoist era, the existing ones are less restrictive. The current government adopts more incentive-based strategies to encourage women to have a smaller family. For example, it gives single-child families some economic rewards, such as a monthly stipend, free obstetric care, increased maternity leave, priorities in education, health care for the child, housing welfare and retirement pensions. However, the government has not abandoned its attempts to use punishment to stop citizens from breaching the birth control policy. For instance, as mentioned above, couples have to pay fines for their out-of-quota births. The more violent means used in the 1980s and the 1990s, such as coercive contraception and abortion, are to some degree replaced by incentives and comparatively softer punishments, such as fines. (Duan, 2005) Nevertheless, this does not mean that coerced abortions do not exist any more. Strategies used by family planning centres to reduce the local birth rate may vary from area to area. In some areas, the local family planning authorities can still force pregnant women who are not eligible for birth permission to abort in order to achieve their birth control targets.
The proverbial 'Bad Penny' .
Within five minutes of hopping into the shower things started to get a bit intense. From here it all happened really quickly. I went from leaning against the wall enjoying the hot water to getting on my hands and knees and really needing to vocalise to get through the contractions. I started to realise the baby was a lot closer than I had thought. I got Steven to call and ask Michelle to come and pick Sazz up on her way.
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day, are you doing anything fun for your family?? I think we'll start off the morning with some pink pancakes, it's kind of a tradition. I wonder if I can get my mom to make them heart shaped sandwiches?!?!!? Too much to ask the free babysitter?? I'll just have to make a special Valentine's dinner...I'm taking suggestions!
Q041) Daily, what do you use to mail with? What kind of emoticons do you often use?
Add salt and pepper to taste
Swallow my gum
Lets look at the situation. In verse 15 they let her drive. They were adrift at sea. The storm was called Euroclydon which meant a nor eastern. There was an added fear that they would be headed for the quicksands of northernAfrica. Then there was the total uncertainty of their location for they were without human control.
Absolutely! We had nighttime wetting here for a looooong time and just recently, Clay has been having issues with occasional wetting after being completely dry at night for well over a year. The GoodNites NiteLite Panel has been talking about bedtime routines and things you can do to enjoy some special bonding time with your child before bedtime. If you want to join the conversation about bedwetting and things you can do to ensure your child has a good night, come visit the Special Bedtime Moments page on Gather.com HERE.
Beer Log: July 2009
Law #8: An out of date virus scanner is only marginally better than no virus scanner at all
The best thing about this book is Graham's clear method of study. Each chapter follows the same outline:
June 11 - June 25 - Paul Perrier
In a large casserole pan, begin with a layer of sauce, followed by a layer of pasta, a layer of ricotta spread, a layer of sauce. REPEAT. Repeat until to the top of the pan or until youve utilized all of your supply. My family and I went a little overboard and had to make an extra bit in a bread pan.
4)The pride and humiliation. When words are many, sins is not absent (Proverbs 19:10)
The title of this review was excerpted from a longer passage worthy of inclusion now. Paul Schoemaker observes, The great virtue of mistakes, whether they occur accidentally or by design, is their ability to enlarge our range of experience, shrink our ego, and thereby increase the chance of discovery. If you accept that humans are myopic and largely unaware of their own bounded rationality, then some degree of mistake-making is appropriate and welcome. This is especially hard in organizations but leaders can start by instituting awards like the Golden Egg. That is, view mistakes as (potentially) valuable assets, not as failures.
After the reenactment we watched a short School House Rock video, "No More King." Finally, we made a taxes foldable. At this point the students were really interested in finding out about the real taxes the colonists were expected to pay. We even learned about the Sons of Liberty, and they decided they supported them. I made the tax collectors wear gloves so I could redistribute the M&Ms at the end of the lesson. They were so relieved to find out their candy was being returned to them. I don't think this is a history lesson they will soon forget, and that truly is Classroom Magic!
(Drum roll please)
Narrow Gauge has been performing at weddings and events since 2001 and play a wide variety of great dance songs from Alan Jackson to ZZ Top, AC/DC to Zac Brown and everything in between!
She was before time.
When youre ready to cook the meat, put the other half of the oil into the roasting tin with the meat and cook in a oven pre-heated to 180. Cook for two hours, basting and turning every 20 minutes. After two hours turn the oven up to 220 and brown the meat for 10 minutes. Then take the roast out of the oven and leave it to rest on a wooden board for 10 minutes or so. Meanwhile, pour off the fat from the cooking liquid, add 4 tbls. of hot water and boil briskly on the hob for a few minutes stirring up the bits from the bottom of the tin.
A general litigator in the litigation section at the Assistant City Attorney level will appear as first chair before state and federal courts, including jury and bench trials in relatively less complex cases. The litigator will be responsible for the case from the initial filing of the petition or complaint, through the appeals stage. The litigator works with legal investigators to investigate the case, prepares all pleadings, engages in discovery, and works the case through trial and beyond as appropriate. The litigator will meet with department personnel in preparing and trying cases.
The Peter B's actually were known as Peter B's Looners, and only recorded this 7" with more or less decent instrumentals on both sides. The most interesting thing about this record is the line-up: a still anonymous supergroup before anyone knew what might come. We have later Camel driver Peter Bardens, Mick Fleetwood, Dave Ambrose, who joined Brian Auger's Trinity soon after, and the first recorded guitar solo by Peter Green. +++
I could go on, but I dont want to dwell on the negative. Bear in mind, that was not my first time to Ukraine. I used to own a business here, and Im very seasoned in Eastern Europe so corruption and bureaucracy does not ruffle me in the least.
*Post other DT member names & blog links on your blog
Life is a series of challenges. (Duh.) There is the potential for happiness, despite the pain; in fact, I think the presence of pain in ones life makes one appreciate the joyful aspects of life all the more. I really do believe that!
able to change and take changes
Better round second!
I got the look. And then maybe the snort. Or at least some kind of sound that let me know that no one wanted to be on the road early enough for me to go to camp. Okay... I can respect that.
But as you can tell from the image at the top of this post, the entire company is imbued with Native cultural appropriation--running so deep that several Native Approps FB readers thought the entire site was a work of satire. Ready? Here's the "origin" of the company:
4. Pour the pasta into a greased 9x13-inch baking pan. Top with the Parmesan cheese. Bake until the top is golden and the cheese melts, about 25 minutes. Allow the pasta to rest for 5 or so minutes before serving.
A woman should do whatever she decides. She doesnt need Dr. Ali Goma to adjust his turban and issue a fatwa.
Damn it!
Why dont we just refinish it? Bruce asked.
Grumpy is freelance writer Lee Bemrose (leebemrose@hotmail.com) Word on the street is that he's a bit of a loose cannon.
So I called and told them I did not receive the emailed copy and had just received the mailed copy, and asked if they would stipulate to extend the response time. They refused. They forwarded me a copy of an email confirmation from the Court allegedly proving that they emailed a copy to me on the day they filed it. I emailed back, explaining that their mistake was now clear -- they had entered the email address improperly, and so it did not get to me. They still refused to stipulate to an extension.
Cosmos Paper Flower
After a couple of hours, contractions started to happen regularly- about every 3 minutes. They were not intense though- just regular. We walked around my neighborhood a few times to see if we could get them to intensify- but to no avail. They did keep coming though. We started doing pressure points- and immediately after my hubby- his name is Dan- would apply pressure to the inside of my ankle, an intense contraction would follow. So, every time I started to contract he would apply pressure.
1284 D-XI/8/1997. Euripides Bacchae and the Decline of the Classical World. Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
-Deficiency of vitamin K may cause hemorrhages.
Symbols of Yule:
Anarchism was also a revolutionary ideology, and its emphasis on individual conscience and individual initiative meant that during the first heyday of revolutionary anarchism between roughly 1875 and 1914, many took the fight directly to heads of state and capitalists, with bombings and assassinations. Hence the popular image of the anarchist bomb-thrower. Its worthy of note that anarchists were perhaps the first political movement to realise that terrorism, even if not directed at innocents, doesnt work. For nearly a century now, in fact, anarchism has been one of the very few political philosophies whose exponents never blow anyone up (indeed, the 20th-century political leader who drew most from the anarchist tradition was Mohandas K Gandhi.)
I stamped and embossed the Christmas Tree stamp from Michael Strong on green card stock with white ink from Martha Stewart line, and white embossing powder from Ranger products. I mounted that onto white card stock, which I mounted those onto a red velvet card stock. I stamped/embossed Merry Christmas, stamp from Plaid, with white ink & embossing powder onto the red velvet card stock. I placed a piece of ribbon, from American crafts, between the tree and word stamping.
Watching her feeling her work whiles others watches
10) I don't particularly care for chocolate and never crave it.
Now bear in mind that I didn't have the best of role models. My father, a suspected aspie, certainly didn't bring my mother many flowers - and we all knew that flowers were a passion for her. In fact, I have very clear memories of the one time that he did - their tenth anniversary. How my mother raved over them and dropped very unsubtle hints for more. I lived with my parents for at least another ten years and no further flowers ever materialised in the time I was there. Apparently though, now they're a little more frequent.
Our dip mixes are packed with flavor! You can choose 3 of your favorites and save!
Say your goodbyes, I said, as if I was going to a trip.
A parliamentary committee has called for a full probe into the way bail is granted to suspects in Mahikeng.
Until the principal threatened Saturday school.
Oh! and you can get the ebook version for $2.99 here :
My favorite quote (Tests from God, are another great Testimony!)
Apparently France produced 18,450 tons of it in 2005. Yes, TONS. That's the weight of your average semi. Of FAT LIVER. Someone explain to me how these people are skinny? Me no get.
The wicked people who did not like Jesus Christ had finally obtained permission from their leaders to put him to death. These people beat Jesus and made fun of him. They took him to a hill outside the city and nailed him to a cross.
In summary there are 887 properties on the list, up from 857 last month. The list is supposed to encompass all NAMA foreclosed property, inIreland,Northern Ireland,Great Britainand the rest of world. Remember that is just includes real estate property  you wont find planes, helicopters, speedboats, cars, art, wine, investment portfolios here.
The lipid panel was quite revealing, however. I mentioned a while back that I had changed my diet. I have eliminated meat and dairy from my diet and started a plant-based, organic lifestyle with an elimination of as many processed, pre-packaged foods as I could possibly handle.
No matter what you thought of. you are wrong. If you think you are anything other than a libertarian, you missed the point. You are a libertarian, whether you know it or not. The sooner we get more people to realize that truth, the better off we will be. Check out this quick quiz. Its only 10 questions, just check it out.
Children in need of healing.
School music programs are done -- last night I had two: Kindergarten-Second Grade and Third-Fifth Grade. The kids did a great job. I love doing programs - my favorite part of teaching - but it is nice to be done too! I am ready to do something else in the classroom for the rest of the year!
A live action film is also in the works, to be directed by Academy Award-nominated director Shane Acker who HIT Entertainment said had signed on to transform the Island of Sodor, home to Thomas the Tank Engine, into a next generation fantasy adventure film franchise.
Eva Ibbotsons second-to-the-last novel is as magnificent as any in her vast repertoire. When three individuals with special abilities (and an ordinary boy who insists on accompanying them) receive the task to rescue a princess from an ogre, they reluctantly set out for the distant castle. Upon their arrival, the group discovers that things are definitely not as they have been led to believe. With characteristic Ibbotson humor and charm, this story is a tribute to a master. Nothing more need be said. Perfect for ages 10-12
A great success in Stratford is the way national retail chains had to conform to the existing building. This is exemplary: it is an example of how our towns and cities can be conserved.
Grrr. I hate sewing binding together, that's the whole convenience of not making my own, darn-it.
The importance of GE interaction is an empirical matter but I think their possible importance serves an emotional need for reformed liberal creationist by making environments important again. The think "complicated" GE interaction will justify their grand interventions in the name of equality? They will be disappointed since important GE interactions can have anti-egalitarian implications.
Well, between my experiences yesterday, Pinks comments, and Bacon Biscuits comments Im beginning to wonder a few things.
Thats why I give myself to no one else (repeat CHORUS 2)
My point here is, there comes a point where their very lives no longer matter, where dying would seem like a welcome reprieve. When that limit has been breached, no normal human rule applies anymore. And our inability to recognize this fact ENSURES that the misunderstandings will continue.
So what's my point?
Okay, enough prologue... shall we?
Now if you must have some snacks in your house, I suggest getting those that come in individual packets that way you can still be in control of how many calories you are eating. Why? Because I think finishing a small bag of chips and stopping there, is easier to do than opening a large one, grabbing 12 chips and putting it away. At the end of the day, you need to do what you feel the most comfortable with because that is what will ultimately work FOR you, but what works for me is keeping it out of sight or reach and thus out of my mind.
Welcome to the motherfuckin Jean-Claude show, bitches!
80 ml milk
- She loves birthdays. She sings the happy birthday song all day long to everyone and everything (Grandpa, Ashley, Ezra, Dora, couch, ball, hot dog, etc.) And she has started saying happy birthday to people as a greeting. Haha. Brian has really enjoyed helping her solidify this as her greeting. When he sees her he says, "Happy Birthday Darcy" and she replies "Happy Birthday Brian" and then he gives her a hug or plays with her or whatever. Thanks for that Brian! :)
But we had believed in the hope of paribartan. I think we, the sceptical West Bengali millions, were hoping that you would lead a better, cleaner, fairer government than the disgraced, departing Left Front. In the euphoria of the election results it was impossible to imagine that you could do worse than Buddhadeb Bhattacharjees government.
Today I went to an event and met some of my favourite people, the blogging kind! Photos of that and the reason of the event will be up soon.
The Act does not define what is necessary to ensure the voluntary compliance of the organisers and participant.
landscapes cracked, barely noticed:
I was, of course, kidding (mostly kidding) and whether it stuck unconsciously in his head this year I dont know because while I (thankfully) didnt get the stuffed animal or the chocolates, I did get a quite incredible and memorable Valentines Day. This year, apparently, we celebrated for real.
Last night was something magical.
Hi Everyone.. One of the things I love about Paris is the soft muted light and the way it reflects an ethereal glow against the neutral coloured backdrop and architecture.
I hope the more intellectual among you don't take offence with this post and recognise that the offensive word is not mine but used to highlight the mind of a bigot while questioning and challenging the current mistreatment of a modern group of socially moulded people declared fair game for a legal kicking.
Note: This is not "my" pattern. This is me sharing how I make a flower square like this. I am sure the pattern has been around for a long time before I shared this tutorial. In case I step on someones toes...
Proverbs 14:12 There is a way which seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death. (NASB)
Immerse your child in the sweet and gentle world of teddy bears with three complete picture books. Each of these bedtime stories is fully illustrated with simple and cheerful colored pencil illustrations of teddy bear families, giving the whimsical effect of a completed coloring book. Illustrations are geared toward color e-readers such as the Kindle Fire. The following titles are featured:
Theres five to go and three now done,
So you decided to be a bum?
Price: $7.99 / six-pack
I have put my case in order before your eyes.
3 water
Tips on selecting the right kitchen bar stools.
So here i am, sleepless and pissed cause my boyfriend thinks its okay to go prancing around and being all gym crazy and social butterfly. While i sit at home being completely battered by the mere fact that i havent been told the truth these past 2 weeks. Wait i know what your thinking. You think its a double standard that i can text my ex with no issue and my boyfriend cant text his ex with no issue. You couldnt be more wrong. Let me tell you why.
Napkins - Pier 1
Trivia: Dee Jai in Thai means a feeling of happiness, or happy. So that's what we will try bringing to the flood victims.
A source who wished not to be named told one of our correspondents that Jonathan was under pressure from his kinsmen not to budge on the issue.
Illusion, I cannot find you.
Papers are from a pack by My Minds Eye, stamp is from Stampin' Up and I used a Cuttlebug Branches embossing folder to emboss the rusty colored panel from SU and a Spellbinders die to cut out the name which was computer generated.
The lines get blurry. A good measure of common sense and integrity on the part of ad agencies and their clients, would surely go a long way in helping to retain some sort of ethics. And for the most part, large companies don't lie about their products. The costs involved if they're caught are too great, and serve as a good deterrent. But when a message has to be delivered to millions of people, it's quite difficult to predict how all of them will perceive or construe it.
THV will also have features with live performances coming up on several great internet TV shows to include GOTV.com and Groupee.com Indie 103 Los Angeles has been a great supporter of THV and after performing at several of their Viper Room nights and being featured on such Indie 103 programs as Check One Two and Mark Sovels weekly lunch time show as featured band of the day, Hiram was asked to create some new original art for upcoming Indie 103 promotions with Fresh and Easy, USC games as well as other promotions in the works.
Neighbors. Co-workers. Acquiantances.
You see where I am now.
So most of you suggested that I wear my hair up for wedding..
At the end of the school year, I go through each file to decide what should be kept as a keepsake or for their scrapbook, and what can be tossed.
The green is the worst of the two colours I tried. It writes with a faint, washed-out, olive-coloured ink that is nearly too faint to read. While the orange is acceptable, even it is fairly borderline when it comes to readability.
So, here's the printable recipe. Now make them, and enjoy! By the way, if if there are any left, you can microwave them for about 5 seconds. They become slightly warm and extra chewy. Mmmmm.
Here is a link to live performance of this song at Cornell University in 2011. I was lucky enough to capture a very interesting moment at an amazing show. I hope you enjoybut a little side not. the audio is distorted the first 20 seconds, thats why he sings the song a capella. Turn down your headphones at the beginning, if you want to keep your eardrums, and the best part is the ending
There are always so many things to be grateful for. And noticing these amazing things can really help us to shift into our 'now.' Here are some of mine in this now.
At the risk of displeasing innocent ears I propose: egoism belongs to the nature of a noble soulI mean that unshakable faith that to a being such as we are other beings must be subordinate by nature and have to sacrifice themselves.[1]
Silence raptures on the ocean-mist edge of fire and ether
Rebecca Mcmeen: Batiste
At this point I got up, put my dish away, and went over to his table and asked him if he was talking about chanting nam-myo-ho-renge-kyo. Of course he was!!! I offered my liturgy book to the man and actually he offered it to the woman who jealously took it for herself. Both of them wanted my contact information. Neither of them knew that the SGI Culture Center was around the corner. They had never heard of it. The woman, I learned, is a dancer and a healer, and the man is a theoretical physicist.
Karissa and I are certainly very lucky to have gotten to know so many great people. And in the same way, our guests visit us from all over, and also bring their interesting stories and characters to the Azul adventure. In fact some have even been known to get so comfortable that they stay on as staff.
Louie continued smoking his cigar and was now trying to blow smoke rings from his mouth. Out of his lips they came, but not the kind of rings Louie wanted. No they all had a break near the top of the circle. Probably the result of Louies mustache that was getting in the way.
1278 **D-V/30/1997. On the Use and Abuse of the Homeless. Proposal to the Editors, Streetwise, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(4), above, pp. 676-77, n. 159.) See Item D-XII/31/2001, below.
the point at all - to the music,
Non-fiction: The Bible and books about dinosaurs.
The scandal was meant to distract all media attention away from Barack Obama during his visit, so that the President could meet with other world leaders without being constantly asked by the reporters about what kinds of dog meat he ate.
Bear Republic is best known for their Racer 5 IPA, the classic West Coast IPA where the hops dominate with the malt mostly an after thought. But go to the brewpub, and you'll get a much different appreciation for Bear Republic, where believe or not, the malt often takes center stage.
Eventually, they give up and leave you alone when youve proven them right. You are the problem, not them. You are the no good fuck-up: just look at what a mess youve made of your life, after they gave you every opportunity, after they tried their damnedest to teach you how to do it right.
Even though I politely, accepted his recount of the events; I still drove away thinking, That couldnt have been me. I am sure he must have been talking with that other Christina. That just doesnt sound like me. It doesnt sound like words I would say. It definitely could not have been how I was feeling, because I dont ever remember feeling that certain about anything.
A disquisition about abuse and demonization of those who do not follow the Progressive Script would not be complete without a place of honor for the Green Green Pods from Space and their invective spilled on global warming skeptics.
In other words, it's the Sad American Scholastic System once again talking out of both sides of its mouth. I hope that, some day, it decides what it wants to be when it grows up and acts accordingly. And if the people responsible for running this system into the ground were themselves the recipients of a liberal arts education, then perhaps a new, practical, application-based set of standards is in order. There are a lot of dedicated and excellent people working in this sytem and on these problems; I just hope they can stick with it long enough to make some progress.
4) Gym! I had another great night at the gym. It was Day 3 of the Burpees Challenge, so I did my 17 burpees, before moving on and spending 35 minutes lifting weights, and 10 more minutes on the recumbent bike.
Nanni Moretti's father figure here seemed selfish, vapid and whiny - quite a feat considering how naturally charismatic Moretti normally is for us. But his ordeal is nebulous and ill-defined: a loved one has died, but he doesn't feel bad? He didn't love her and he feels guilty? She was crazy? No wait, his sister-in-law was crazy? What?
As the number one natural nutrition company in the U.S., we've been on a mission to make people healthier. And we've made it part of our job to make the planet healthier along the way.
Thank goodness for our box man. John Arford has come through for us again!!! He had stacks of beautiful boxes . . . . . . . what a very talented craftsman.
To clarify first of all, bipolar disorder of BiP can be cured only by the sick person concerned. It takes a personal decision, really high levels of determination and fidelity to self-integration methods, for a person to get out of that cul de sac called schizophrenia. Without that willingness, a bipolar, more so the one who regresses into childhood, may find the regressed state so addictive that s/he may become ambivalent about a total healing for the ailment, whether this ambivalence is conscious or unconscious.
Never mind, I've got the weekend to look forward to - tomorrow we are going out to with the kids as it's James' 10th birthday in the week... I know, how is it possible that I am the mother of a 10 year, old I hear you ask!! When I'm not even 25 :-D Yeah, right, I wish!!! Following that logic, I got married when I was 10... hmmm not going to wash anymore is it, LOL!
Actually, er, bollocks. In the staff cafe at University College London, Chris Rapley draws me a graph showing temperature fluctuations over the past million years. He draws an even rising-and-falling line. Then he corrects himself and the even line becomes a jagged landscape of peaks and troughs. But the trend line remains clear. So yes, if you start in 1998  a very hot year thanks to an intense El Nio event in the South Pacific  and draw a line to a cool year, 2007, you get a falling line. Nevertheless, the average temperature for this decade is higher than the previous one. The trend is intact. Anyway, back to basics. Half a trillion tons of carbon came as a shock to planet Earth. Antarctic ice cores reveal that for about 1m years, atmospheric carbon fluctuated between ice-age levels of 180 parts per million (ppm) and warm levels of 280ppm. We dont know why this narrow fluctuation was so stable. It just was.
LLR dissertation/project support:
ose that's too many chips, so I'd better come up with some other ideas too. But this is one of my favourite salsas ever. I love chunky crunchy salsa that isn't a bowl of homogeneous mush. Even the older boys loved it.
sourced from the internet!
Tau crisis suit
In Jesus mighty Name. Amen.
I guess that after preaching against the evils of white, heterosexual males, the San Francisco public schools just dont have any time left to teach about the Zebra killings.
There was only room for a stackable washer and dryer unit here, so I'm very glad the current owners are letting this convey. Our full size units will stay with our current house once it sells, too.
We need to have a coherent, proactive media strategy that works with how the media actually functions. Some media will accurately and intelligently report the facts, but the majority will not. We cannot continue simply putting out the facts and hoping that at some point the media will report them properly.
30 Squat Jump + Diamond Touch (touch your toes together when you jump up)
("Relaunch? I didn't know it had been unlaunched!")
I laid there confused for a few minutes. Is that right? What day is it? Who am I? Where am I? I tend to be a little fuzzy headed in the wee early hours.
Youd think, if public policy actually worked in the rational, quasi-scientific way that some progressives wish it did, education reformers would be completely discredited both on empirical and credibility grounds. The fact that they arent, that the reform agenda of high-stakes standardized testing, accountability, school choice, charter schools/deregulation, and mayoral control still drive national, state, and local policy, should suggest an alternative: education reformers are a special interest, whove mounted a successful capture of education policy.
74. Wear a bathing suit with out dying on the inside.
Keep sweating! (and stretching). Be sure to email me if you want me to help you with some stetching routines for a specific area youd like to work on @ beachbodycoachlindsey@gmail.com
She hung up the phone after ordering a pile of Chinese food. It had been almost a week since the last time, the night when they had dinner with Jarrad, Tony, and the relative whose name she couldnt remember, so if it was going to be a bad news night then she might at least have a dinner shed enjoy. After checking her wallet for enough cash and checking the yard for Tyler, she took a deep breath and headed up to Janes room. Shed briefly pause outside the room before throwing herself in to get it over with.
Rodenticides are an important part of rodent control, especially when combined with other components of Integrated Pest Management such as exclusion and sanitation. These changes will allow us to keep this valuable tool, but also keep children, pets and wildlife safe from unintended exposure.
Positive energy, presently employ.
Even as the hammer strokes of guilt,
Now if you have kids and an ailing aging parent visitng you will know and understand why i am so late. I know my friend, dt sistah and Mo's team leader has none of the above and thats why she emailed me to ask what happened to my card this week. Let me tell you today was one of those days, i drop the kids off on time, unlike Monday when i was half hour late. I came racing home to start a scrapping class that i teach on Thursdays, only to get a call to go back to the school my little one is coughing and may be contagious! "What?" she has croup, have you ever heard of anyone catching croup? not in this life, anyhow i bring her home and it just got worse as the day progressed, wont bore you with all the details, but if you can relate to any of the above you will know what i mean when i say that the day went down the tubes from having to pick up my little one at school.
It's our aunt & uncles 50th wedding anniversary December 1st; could I come to the party on the 3rd?
Example: You find yourself in Detroit.
Shmaltz Brewing Company (He'Brew) He'Brew Jewbelation Bar Mitzvah (13)
2) 8 Utah Jazz @ San Antonio Spurs, 6 pm TNT/SAS 1-0
You were my fire  So I burned - Til there was nothing left of me  I touched your face - I held you close  Til I could barely breathe  That was our weekend. That was how I felt. He was my everything. I just wanted to be near him, to touch him and hold him and be with him. I needed him and I needed to be close to him.
Im a nerd for anything with strong characters and story  A Chuck Jones cartoon, any Roald Dahl story, NPRs This American Life, Mad magazine, Ollie & Moon. In fact, I still bug my Mom to tell me a story now and again.
Happy Sunday everyone! It is Pink Lady Kylie Blonde here. Have you been enjoying our Big Birthday bash so far? I know I love this Birthday set from Heather. I've used two of the images from the set for this Joy Fold card tutorial.
There are clearly a lot of cultural and translation barriers to a non-Japanese fully understanding these poems  among other problems, I still dont quite get why Tsubouchi wants me to be a hippo. But it struck me forcefully that these poets were clearly not interested in following the rules about haiku, particularly about haiku subject matter, that so many English haiku poets seem insistent on and fearful of breaking.
Tests to measure slip resistance were developed primarily for man-made materials, with the earliest from the 1940s, when Sidney James conducted experiments to rate floor polishes and other floor maintenance chemicals. From these experiments
4. Name 7 things about yourself that people might find interesting.
Why has dodgy accounting not been acted on when even a previous treasurer has reported it? (6)
We worked for a little over 7 hours and then we went home. Usually we work 8 hours but today they cut it short due to the fact that one of the big boys son was having a baseball game and he wanted to attend.
On the way back from the sunrise Easter service on the beach this morning, I collected shells to compose this tiny Easter basket (a Worm shell, Top shell, Common bubble, Lightning whelk, Common babys ear, and Atlantic coquina in a Buttercup lucine basket). For me, nature and art (or even better, combining the two) are essentially equivalent to, or essential triggers for, whatever is meant by spirituality.
Moan mope argh.
Stuck is an intriguingly unique tale, focusing on a post-disaster Los Angeles as people with dark aspirations of power take advantage of chaos and vulnerability and use them as the stepping stones in their ascension to greatness. Based on that premise alone were immediately ready to throw our weight behind anyone who opposes the man who proclaims himself the voice of God, and luckily for us, were given a heroine whos beyond strong on levels both human and superhuman and who stands her ground in a way wed like to think wed be capable of were we in her shoes. Ms. Bosworth does a beautiful job of combining the horrors humanity is capable of inflicting on itself with the damage both natural and supernatural are able to wreak on the physical landscape, allowing the world to feel real and tangible despite the addition of some rather fascinating individual abilities.
Total covered gross floor area on all floors of all buildings on a plot/area of the plot
More Dr Juice to take with.
With all this going on in my real life, I was shocked to find my bloggosphere full of to-dos, but lo and behold, I even had a list for blogs to catch up on.
And that's it for me . . . I'll see y'all tomorrow! Hugs . . .
-If you forget to hashtag photos while you upload them or want to go back and hashtag older photos, you can always add the hashtags into the comments section as they will still be categorized to the same location.
I transplanted my asparagus seedlings and got them in the ground. I planted them mostly in rows of their own, with about a foot spacing and several feet between rows. A straw mulch will be maintained around them throughout the growing season if they survive the transplanting. The root systems and tiny little crowns seemed very delicate. I hope we get at least a couple to survive and then I can let them set seed to encourage volunteers wherever they want to grow.
I will now move on to address briefly a few remaining issues about conservatism before moving on to coverage of how Leftists explain conservatism.
Global Research has also become a source of specialized information and analysis for journalists, senior government officials, financial analysts and non-governmental organizations.
i'd love any suggestions you may have of useful sites or suggestions for what i should plant! please share!!
Once everything is ready, you can preheat your oven to 190/375 and assemble your dish. Lightly oil your large baking dish and mix 1 ladle of your bchamel sauce into your meat mix and 3 ladles into your drained pasta. Add enough sauce to coat the bottom of your dish and then add 1/2 of your noodles. Follow with 1/2 of your meat and then repeat with remaining noodles and sauce. Top with the remaining bchamel sauce and grated cheese. Bake in a hot oven for 45-60 minutes. You want your edges to be bubbly and the cheese to be golden brown. Rest at least 30 minutes before serving to help set-up and make easier to dish out and hold form!!!
I bet they want to. Though I wonder, are we strong enough to reflect their crudeness? Do we stand and stare back until they know what fools theyve been to even consider it? Have we embodied so much of the priestess we are meant to be that they dare not even try?
I have been deeply saddened this week, but at the same time immensely thankful for this circle of friends that rallied for him, passing on email addresses and phone numbers, to get the word out. I'm thankful I got to hear his voice, and to hear him laugh.
I tell them and soon we are all pushing against the door, screaming and shouting to be rescued.
I wont dwell again on the dire facts of soil loss around the world. We all know its a serious problem. What is not so clear to many of us is that the major efforts out there attempting to counter this trend merely hope to slow down the rate of loss. The option of growing new soil and actually coming out ahead is only considered by a few maverick soil scientists and small groups of farmers whove finally had the courage to forgo conventional ag advice and forge their own path. Most gardeners are familiar with soil-building, but this generally involves robbing Peter to pay Paul, as manures or leaf mold are imported from elsewhere.
This week it's me, Aud, who is the hostess and the "sketch maker". Hope you'll enjoy playing along with us this week also!
And you move on, pursuing prize,
Classification  Burton Blond Ale
So, Kati is going to give one of my readers a free decal of their own! All you have to do to enter is leave a comment on this post. The giveaway will end on March 27. I will randomly pick one winner on March 28! You can get an extra entry by tweeting, and/or blogging about this giveaway (so really that is two extra entries you can get). Just leave me another comment (or two) letting me know you did.
I love this. They can learn history, art, and music; they can also learn critical thinking, diversity, application of new skills, and perseverance. But why stop there? They also learn interpersonal and social skills by playing games and working out their differences with other people (including children of different ages and, dare I say, ADULTS), that gives them practice in understanding the viewpoints and needs of other people. They learn the value of connectivity, as they meet and interact with people from all parts of the world -a critical skills in a global economy. And goodness knows they learn the technology, as any three-thumbed, fumbling parent knows; most of our children are far more adept at using technology than we are.
By Fax: 202-456-2461
Well, for me great films are art. And art is healing and workable and central to a community. I am a highly artistic person, intensely creative, and very much dedicated to the craft. For me, being involved with film is a way to celebrate and preserve expression, beauty, and culture. Its also a tremendous amount of fun and a very exciting process.
- Don't bother cooking when you can eat stuff out of a packet/microwave a ready meal
We are happy to report that so far, the boys are very well and excited about our trip!
Watermelon Sorbetto Popsicles
Ironically, the Elder- all of the Elders in the village, really- is younger than Mesdan. He has not, of course, taken age as well as Mesdan, since he spent much more time training as a shaman rather than a witch. The Elder is nowhere near as old as Mesdan, and likely wont live nearly as long, either.
After Nicholas Q&A, it was time to brave the Julie Benz autograph line, which was still quite long, overflowing the twisty line area that theyd set up and spilling over into a walking aisle. In fact, soon after I joined the line, there were soon convention volunteers trying to stop new people from joining the line, because they didnt want the line to take up any more room. Eventually they had one of their own people at the end of the line telling people to try coming back in ten minutes.
I love to watch elephants walking along a well trodden path. The rhythm of their gait, and ears flapping like sails catching the wind, remind me of giant galleons on a course at sea.
Maybe a half finger head
Book Maven: What did you think of the poll results, Lucy?
If I knew you and you knew me,
a pretty new faucet! That works! And doesn't leak! Isn't she stunning? I just love her! :)
I added 2 tbs of peanut butter, a couple squirts of Sriracha and a heaping tsp of curry powder. Then I used the green bean juice like it was veg broth (because it is) stirred it all up and let it reduce down to a thick, pasty curry.
And here below are the ATCs I made for the month of OCT 2011..... For the first ATC (India) held on THE Indian Craft Room....... :D
Most people dont like any kind of dirt (especially poop) on their eggs. Not a problem, but all you really need is a little water and a soft sponge.
Tonights picture is a note she did at school and was very keen to show me:
There is no doubting the statistical correlation between oil prices and the loonie. Econometric analysis indicates that since the turn of the century, oil prices explain 86 per cent of the dollars rise. The precise reasons for this correlation are unclear. It certainly is not due to a strong trade balance. In fact, Canada has experienced a deepening international payments deficit in recent years, because non-petroleum exports are falling faster than our energy exports surge (see graph). My own research suggests it is foreign takeovers of petroleum companies and reserves, not current production and export of the stuff, that is driving the loonie up. It is equally clear that the Canadian dollar is overvalued, relative to both historical averages and economic fundamentals. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the current fair value for the Canadian dollar (based on purchasing power parity analysis) is about 81 cents U.S. Anything higher and Canadian-made products and services look disproportionately expensive (including manufacturing, services, tourism  and even Big Macs, according to the Economists famous hamburger index).
Confronted with this as a scenario, my French friend is equivocal to slightly supportive.
Mom will be back this week doing the more typical blog thing so we hope you'll visit again soon! Bye for now!
Hugh - the handsome male model - ditto for details.
Happy pinning, baking, and eating.
If you want to know whats happening around town, there is a quick listing of events on the home page and a full calendar as well. Click on any event within the calendar and all the details for that particular event will pop up. The site will also feature weekly restaurant specials on the home page along with weather updates!
In an auburn wig with very heavy bangs, Garland had shed the baby fat much discussed by her studio boss Louis B. Mayer, but her trimmer figure could still pack a vocal wallop and did so. She is handsomely supported by a superlative array of MGM talent including the above mentioned OBrien, Lucille Bremer, Mary Astor, Leon Ames, Marjorie Main, Harry Davenport and Tom Drake, as the boy next door. The entire cast charms its way from scene to scene evoking the feel and sound of turn of the century Americana via the MGM backlot.
Sarah Jane has gone  but a new regime begins at Bannerman Road! Clyde and Rani must face the fact that nothing lasts for ever  but can they still unite as a team, to face a new and deadly threat from Outer Space? Or is the old gang finished for good?
He was a she. She was soft and sensitive and scared. She cried a lot when nobody was looking. She couldnt risk letting anyone know the truth about what was going on in her confused, conflicted mind.
Experienced consultancy practitioners who have worked and studied situations are successful solopreneurs. Their ability to promote their product of knowledge and experience can be through word-of-mouth or the many network and web sites available to all.
The moon is high and full tonight
The DT have come up with the most wonderful projects for this 'Anything Goes' challenge, you are sure to be inspired...
Sometimes it seems I sabotage myself....
Before long a blind man appeared at the door guided by men on either side. Hosanna to the Son of David, they called as they entered. Jesus looked up; he seemed in good spirits. As the new arrivals neared, he said, Friends, what brings you here? The children had gathered, anticipating some wonder of healing to be seen. And as the blind received his sight, and lifted his arms heavenward, they began to jump, and run, and call, Hosanna to the Son of David! Hosanna to the Son of David!, the new passphrase of the temple. And among the upturned chairs and the coins lying ungathered, all was as it should be.
The people arrive in 5 hours. However, it isn't a party until someone throws up!
There is a standard procedure for investigations, which will be applied to all, no discrimination, no bias. I do not think NUS is trying to play delay tactics. The Sun Xu saga has received such a wide public interest and there is no way people will just forget the incident.
Cant argue with that, I say and Greg steps to the ladder.
So as I got ready to leave the house, I noticed that CPT left his phone charging. Oops. He's gonna need that. So, I drove on up to his work, looked around FOREVER for parking, and eventually found where he was. He didn't even realize that he'd left it at home. But he was SO grateful that I'd brought it to him :) I was happy to do my good deed for the day, and that it had been for my sweetheart!
But you see, the drop in salary shouldnt be an issue. More products and services should reflect more income for organizations  enough to pay reasonable wages for a double shift. And more products mean more sales, and more sales should translate to lower prices. More people employed means more investment and more taxes paid.
And to his home he must get. To see his children and try to forget.
I was destroyed, i hated myself, i hated everything about me and i just was making myself and everything around me worse!!
Xalek +10 +2 crit
It was a light touch, but a true one. Because, if anything, learning about the human fingerprints all over the Old Testament has freed me to appreciate Gods message in the text more. At the beginning of class, you might recall, I described the OT as a crazy uncle who embarrasses me in public and for whom I have to apologize later.
Hi all Emma here, welcome back to Fab N Funky! You obviously liked last week's challenge, as we had an absolute mountain of entries! There so so many wonderful entries, I had an extremely hard time picking a top 3!
Then why is it whenever anyone asks me about the concert, one of the first things I talk about is the bacon-wrapped hot dog I had outside the venue after the show? Read More...
However, a University of Miami study shows that tannins are increasingly recognized as dietary carcinogens and as antinutrients interfering with the systems full use of protein and called for more studies correlating early death and regular kola nut use in third world countries. Kola nut should not be used for long periods of time.
- More than 400 mourners packed an East New York funeral home to celebrate the life  and protest the mysterious death  of Tamon Robinson, the beloved Connecticut Muffin counterman who died after being run over by an NYPD squad car. The Local
Remember it is best that the children do this one at a time to lower the injury risk, we used a wooden spoon to smack ours :-) Here is a good video link for more info on how to make one - click here.
Amongst the new arrivals was Zimbabwean Phillip Machemedze, one of Robert Mugabes secret policeman and torturers. Despite committing murders too gruesome to describe, Machemedze will be allowed to live scot-free in Britain at a cost of 50,000 per-annum to the British tax-payer, who must fund HIV treatment for both himself and his wife.
***WARNING: The following review may contain spoilers.***
4. Surround yourself with folks who sleep hour after hour each day: break into a nursing home. These places are always warm and quiet, and filled with sleeping people. Take advantage of the perfect sleeping environment provided by a nursing home, and find an empty bed and sleep right there.
5. This is going to be a long three weeks if this heat doesn't break...its REALLY FREAKING HOT here.
Pylons to be erected with high-voltage wires strung over this site will destroy its unique connection to the very landscape it seeks to honor.
Gardening is funny- if you keep a flower alive for a week it gives you hope and happiness and you have to plant more :) I am addicted. Thank You, God for a rainbow of flowers!
Read the list again, pass it on again and again. Change your perspective on life and take the time to read this book. Im going to and I highly recommend every woman do the same. Make the most out of your life!
worst part about these fries is that they consider whats in the box 2 servings. i dont know about you, but when it comes to fries i order 2 large knowing people will want to pick at my fries and still get pissed when they ask. that amount of fries is in no way, shape, or form a shareable amount, even if you are a caring person.
I know that right now many are typing their rebuttal to this telling me how wrong I am about the name it claim it statement. I have come to appreciate the chance to ruffle a few feathers for the sake of getting you to focus on what God sent Jesus to do and not what you think He will do for you because you sow your money. That is the focus of some, not all. There are ministry need that include money, but we must never forget that God can do it without our money if we are willing to sow the spiritual seeds that He has intrusted us with. Paul was a rich man before he became a Christian. He gave up most of his riches for heavenly rewards that are eternal. He worked hard to sustain his daily needs and God blessed him and met his needs. But Pauls number one concern was for the spreading of the word not the spreading of the wealth.
It smells of petrol. But not in a bad way - I like the smell of petrol.
Using a catapult & pestle or blender vocation galangal, smack, turmeric initiation, chili paste also legit salt concern a piquancy mixture
And that was the next step. Having concluded that it was not a Workers State they had to come up with a theory of what it actually was. Hence the argument of one faction that it was in fact a form of State Capitalism  a theory which requires that all of the criteria set out by Marx about what Capital actually is, be overthrown, essentially in favour of a Ricardian definition of Capital  and of the other, which baulked at this, and had to come up with a theory, which postulated some new unheard of class of Bureaucratic Collectivists. This theory is not as crass as the theory of State Capitalism, but it is crass nevertheless. Likewise it has to overthrow the basic categories, and theories of Marxism that define class, and that define the relation between the State and Civil Society. They tend to adopt the ideas of Eugene Duhring in relation to the means by which ruling classes acquire and retain power in society by the use of force, rather than as Marx and Engels demonstrated, arising and reproducing themselves naturally as a result of the functioning of the Mode of production itself. Another version of this Bureaucratic Collectivist theory was put forward by Hillel Ticktin. Unlike most of the classic Bureaucratic Collectivists, Ticktin had actually undertaken some detailed study of the USSR. Anyone who does so quickly realises that not only does the State Capitalist theory disintegrate, not just because it is alien to Marxist theory, but also because the actual economic system in the USSR simply did not conform to what State Capitalism requires, but such an analysis also shows that there is simply no basis for postulating the existence of a ruling Bureaucratic Class. That is true probably in bourgeois sociological terms, let alone in the Marxist terms of relation to the means of production, and so on. Ticktin was reduced to an impossible, unMarxist position, though, as a result, of denying that the USSR was any kind of Workers State, but unable to identify any other ruling class to take its place as the basis of the State. Yet, a State most certainly did exist, and according to Marxist theory the State only exists as a class state, as the means by which a ruling class resolves the differences within it, and defends itself against other ruling classes, and against other classes within its borders.
returned with the woman
There are more, but more appropriately told with a pint and friends.
Guilt over the fact I could not afford $5000 to send her on the school Europe trip.
We provided significant funding for this study that was conducted by Miley and Associates for the Historic Charleston Foundation. We believe that in methodology and findings this study can be utilized by other communities as they develop their own approaches to cruise tourism. We hope that this study can lead to a better understanding of impacts and more informed public policy regarding cruise ship operations in Charleston. For me, it is an important document in my continuing education as an accidental expert in cruise tourism.
No trip to Las Vegas is a complete without a gluttonous visit to a buffet. Yes, I said a buffet. While there are inherently undesirable traits about buffets, we visited one nonetheless. Not once, but twice, we visited the Wicked Spoon. The first time was because I had read that this was one of the better buffets. The second time was because both @Windaddict and I won a free dinner buffet. Before we jump into the photos, I'll go through the pros and cons.
To look at you with comfortable blankness
-Never underestimate the power of an early start. Also you are not losing time or wasting it.
Lack is listed as a verb and a noun on the Merriam-Webster online Dictionary. As a verb it means to be deficient or missing, or to have need of something. The definitions that really spoke to me were the ones given for the noun "lack" in the thesaurus at the same website: "the fact or state of being absent", "a falling short of an essential or desirable amount" or " a state of being without something necessary, desirable, or useful."
To enter this week's random drawing simply share your design with the CPS readers. Simply click on this week's sketch image in the side bar. This will take you directly to the post where you can add your link. Please use a direct link to your card so the readers can easily find it.
Thanks to everyone for their support this past year, I can't believe it's been a year of sharing God's word with all of you through these digi stamps. Thank you to my designers for the wonderful cards and projects you have made. I am truly thankful for all your creations.
If you remember back around Christmas time I used an artificial poinsettia (since I was too cheap to buy the die) that I'd gotten at the Dollar Store. Well, there were red ones and also some gold colored ones in the little pot. For this card I used a gold one but really think I prefer the red ones.....anyway, using the Merry Monday sketch for this week I created another card for Christmas! The sentiment is from Studio G and I used Cherry Cobbler and Very Vanilla (that I sponged some Antique Linen around) card stock and Paper Studio DP. It's really nice knowing I'm going to have so many of my Christmas cards completed before December!
I've also been trying to design a new layout for my blog. Webdesign is not my ish to begin with, but it appears that I'm completely without "design mojo". None of these layouts seem particularly better than the one I already have.
Thus, in your mind.
A chocolate brownie layer spiked with Guinness......topped with a Bailey's cheesecake layer......topped with a Jameson whisky spiked brownie layer. Oh yeah......you gotta try this! It's amazing how well these flavors all go together, and the hubby's only complaint was that I could have actually added even more booze! I think it's fine as is.......you definitely can taste it all.
Wack Lizard: As long as you never tell another joke. Ever. Again.
-They absolutely never take your side.
Jah Lloyd - White Belly Rat
Are we gonna close the menopause deal, making you obsolete???
400m race - the anticipated race. Downing a banana for energy, I was placed in the third lane, right next to long-legged Oldham and long-breath Oldham. Pressure. According to Mr Alageasan, the one with the best timing is placed in the third lane. Huh? Me? Must be some mistake. It's long-breath Oldham, sir.
Diplomas
I didn't feel like doing another half batch of the buttercream, so I used white chocolate to decorate the cake. I sprinkled some shavings on top. Not the prettiest way to decorate, but it got the job done. Plus, now there's white chocolate on the cake- yum!
Sellers
But all she sees,
Theres not a line for the healing power of their hugs, the way their ferocious clasps around my neck at night calm my soul better than any run or glass of wine or piece of chocolate.
So I've decided that I'm going to give it a shot.
By Bob Gordon for X-Press, July 2000
that music
My teacher is amazing. I mean, absolutely AMAZING.
Fusion: His Final Frontier
Ink jet printed fabric for pillows and quilts and T-Shirts
The acid in her stomach began to crawl into her throat, causing a burning sensation. Nausea rocketed her insides, and the hair on the back of her neck stood up.
 Cant I ?  I smiled at him,with eyes full of tears.And love.
To signal the end of a conversation, clamp your hands over your ears and grimace.
All three lists offer information on a wide variety of great imported beers and Japanese microbrews available for home delivery in Japan. Orders can generally be handled online, with payment by credit card, bank or postal transfer or COD.
I then cut her out and glued to a yellow embossed circle which is matted with a white circle and a purple Label 3 die cut. I popped this whole panel up on foam tape. Next I stamped the sentiment in Memento Rich Cocoa and added a Martha Stewart Monarch Butterfly to the corner of the panel. To finish I coloured some Clear Kaisercraft Rhinestones with Y06 and added them to the Label 3 panel and also to the butterfly.
crackers. Melt butter and brush over crackers.( Im tempted
My husband gave me Martha Stewart's cookie cookbook for Christmas last year (a not-so-subtle hint!), so I've got a lot of recipes to try, but I'd love to know your favourites...
Has the spring weather been fabulous where you are? It has been incredible here! Last weekend we got our little garden planted....holy cow, that is not for wimps...I hurt all over Monday & Tuesday! Gardening is hard work!!!
Game Nutz Podcast: Adventure 11
Anyway, next episode will put Andy into the spotlight as he tries to recklessly save Mix
We have, at best, a dodgy internet provider (Im pretty sure theyre just a bunch of DoDos). We are left without access just as often as we are left with it. And I always find myself left kind of at a loose end when I know I cant get online and I start to get antsy.
Plus this trifle.
Amazing how easy it is to break the spirit of the McCain-Feingold law?
Even so, coming at a time when most of the female population were confined in yards of fabric, the cross-dressing sexual allure of those women who walked on the stage as men must have sent out a powerful political message about independence and sexuality.
Title: Black Roses (1988)
(Listen to me readers. There may still be some of this beer about in M&B pubs. Drink it if you see it.)
This scheme might put some jingle in the jeans of every President, who needs some extra scratch.
Bill: "So how'd your mom get the money for this place?"
Drafting a facing was one of those things that I had built up in my mind as more time consuming than it actually is, so I'd kind of avoided doing it. I couldn't have been more wrong. In fact it took less than 5 minutes, literally. For some bizarre reason I'd been labouring under the misapprehension that a bias finished neckline was quicker and easier. Ha! Sometimes there's no rhyme nor reason to the way my brain works.
A Monarch butterfly busy collecting nectar from a Mexican Sunflower blossom.
So go get yourself a bottle of Barossa Valley wine for $30 or less; Shiraz, Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling or otherwiseand let everyone know on April 25 what you think about the return of the Barossa Boomerang. Kindly use #wbw76 on all tweets and references. I will provide a recap here and at the Wine Blogging Wednesday site no more than a couple days following April 25. So be sure to tweet all your links, share all your stories, (include those hashtags everywhere) so we (appreciate the ongoing support of Tim Elliot and Lenn Thompson towards making #wbw76 fun and successsful) can help pass your experiences and content on to even more winos by including your stories in all the wrap-ups.
You can hear that interview if you wish at the following link provided:
Lets start with the Riddler. This should be an easy warm-up before things start getting freaky. In this way we should hope to flawlessly recast Batman Forever for its eventual remake.
The show only lasted sixteen episodes. Typical episodes: Ashes Will Happen deals with an arsonist. Death In An Alley recounts the investigation of an old mans death in an alley. His last word is Arkansas. The episode featured James Best. TV fans got to really know him as Sherrif Roscoe Coltrane on The Dukes Of Hazzard.
13 Band Introduction
Since Im only running 6 miles at a time, Ill only be making half the points that most of the other runners are building up.
In the still of the early morning hours, I am able to completely reflect upon the birth of my second son. As I sit quietly, I can conjure up the sounds and feelings of that early morning water breakage, the fear of leaving our home the mother to one child and returning as the mother to two young boys. I can remember the craziness of standing in the elevator with my husband at the hospital, conversing with an old man who got on with us about the beautiful Sunday weather as water leaked out of me and contractions squeezed my body. A child moving softly within my body for the last few precious moments together. I can remember how there was nothing to watch but televangelists on the TV. How Dave and my doctor went to lunch at the local chinese restaurant while I sat alone, contemplating the day as it progressed. I had my yoga instructor come and help me with labor. Her visualizations and soft music lulling my mind into a calm place, even as my body struggled to move my child down the birth canal. Her softly holding my foot as the doctor tried to give me an epidural which would not take. A sweet, smiling doctor who two short weeks later would be dead from lung cancer. Who lingered outside the door as I labored, wishing he could do something for my pain of natural childbirth, but could not. I can remember the tunnel vision feeling of telling the nurses I felt great pressure. How they suddenly became very busy, turning the chest of drawers where I put my clothes into a place where their tools of the trade were placed to help my doctor bring my child into this crazy world. How the camera stuck and my frazzled husband opened the back of the camera and exposed the film of my last days of pregnancy and our oldest son's first blackberry picking with my Mom. There was to be no pictures of this birth. I can remember focusing on Gloria through each contraction, realizing that pushing Cullen out was not the same as pushing out Kadin. I can vividly remember the look of fear on my OB's face as my child crowned. Sternly he made me focus on him telling me he had to get the baby out, now, and I was to listen to him. I can remember the look that passed between him and my husband when Cullen's head came out, but his little body would not. In the confusion of nano-second, I can see in slow motion my husband thrusting his body across my belly, pushing the nurse out of the way, as he and Dr. Thornberry silently communicated. One pushing, one pulling, to release our child into the world. I can remember the unbearable pain passing into euphoria as he was expelled and placed upon my chest only to have the nurse freaking out at his grey color and thrusting oxygen into his face and vigorously rubbing his back as my sweet Cullen stared wide eyed. I can hear my husband telling the nurse to stop, that his body was pink, and he was ok. Only to look down into my child's face and see a new soul. A baby who was smash faced, grey in color, and all my own. The love that comes when you stare into your child's eyes. 15 minutes later I was on the phone with the cord blood place to schedule pick up, the pain of childbirth a short path behind me. Poor Cullen looked like he had been beat up, and I was not any better off. Pushing him so fiercely broke the blood vessels in my eyes and I looked like the victim in a cheap horror show. Painful for all to look at.
Tell me that you love and show me how
- Ansel "Pinkle" Collins, Bernard "Touter" Harvey, Robbie Lynn, Ossie Hibbert, Errol "Tarzan" Nelson: claviers
The time has passed for me to make this dirty diet my last.
Too irritated to answer her back, Sufi chose to stay tight-lipped.
The next day, and every day after, he would call in the morning. Email throughout the day and call at night. We talked about sex, relationships, everyday shit..blah, blah, blah. It was cool. Now, when I first met him, because of his forwardness, I had assumed that this guy was trying to be a smash-buddy. That would have been absolutely fine by me. But, the way dude presented himself was as if he was trying to explore the options of something more. No labels had been established, though he did offer the information that I was the first chick he slept with in nearly a year (which I didn't believe at the time, and still don't believe now) and even went so far as to send me song lyrics and shit trying to get in my head.
And this?
Lexicon word of the day: lily-livered.
Well, I guess they were married too. I understand the problem, though. People fall in love with writers. They underline phrases on a page. They utter yes when some passage resonates. If the writer is similarly in love with themselves, its easy to succumb to this society of mutual admiration. Thank God I have a patient husband, and luckily I havent given him too many instances to be patient about. I have been told, more than once, by more than one man that I am the manliest woman (theyve) ever met. It is meant as a compliment (coming from a man, after all) and I take it as such. What they are acknowledging is a temperament that is neither squeamish nor shrill, along with somewhat masculine appetites: good whiskey, raw oysters, rare meat, sporting dogs, leather, European cars, and bawdy jokes.
Among critics and scholars of American poetry, it has long been generally acknowledged, if less generally discussed, that Ezra Pound was the dominating influence upon the early poetics of William Carlos Williams. The irascible missionaryan epithet to which Pound himself admitted (see The Selected Letters of Ezra Pound: 1907-1941, in which Pound writes to George Santayana: I plead the missionary sperrit: GUILTY!!)began what amounted to a personal jihad to convert Williams to his viewpoints. This effort began as early as their first encounters in the University of Pennsylvania dormitories and would last throughout Williams life. It is as if upon taking up his violin to antiphonally respond to the piano music of Morrison Robb Van Clevewhich led, a short while later, to his being introduced to PoundWilliams interned himself to a mentor more zealous and jealous than any university don or religious guru could have been. The relationship with Pound, unquestionably, was a painful experienceas Williams decries what it was like to listen to Pound read from the poems of A Lume Spento (Williams, The Autobiography). He bore with me for sixty years, Pound confessed via cable upon hearing of Williams death.
Another factor was age. Leah is 4 years older than me and for developing children thats huge. We didnt relate much. We were always in different stages, with different interests. She was into modelling and performing, I was super shy and reserved (weird right?) I liked barbies, she hated them. In fact, she liked to shave their heads and shove them under my dresser leaving the feet sticking out, so I could see them but not get them out. Leah did some cruel things and never let me forget her dislike of me. Often she would pinch me hard and not fess up when I cried, or threaten me over telling on her for anything she had done that was mean or wrong.
Result: the judge commended the defense lawyer on his excellent work and politely requested the presence of the Scram people. I was not privy to all of what he said to them but I do know that they accepted responsibility for the mistake and it, hopefully, won't happen again.As our correspondent notes, that was an especially fine piece of lawyering by a fellow later identified as Matt Dorsen, who works for lawyer Steve Lee. But the questions raised by the example have broader implications than just for this single defendant.
6. Sprinkle spinach on top of the cheese.
So I have been a slacker with blogging lately because of the holidays. I didn't have to take too many dishes to places and I ate meals that other people cooked.... then ate the leftovers =) So there hasn't been much cooking going on lately besides a couple recipes I don't feel are worth sharing.
It's becoming increasingly clear to me that the fashion world runs on pretty much the same uninspired principle.
Honestly, with all this excitement, how could you  or Obama  eat a bite?
Okay, so this show is pretty much surface junk and a guilty pleasure for chuckles. But it continues to make me laugh, especially the one scene when Nick attempts to cut his own hair. I laughed out-frikin-LOUD:
1 disquieted
I bought my first running accessory on the weekend.
He was sleeping. Rude bugger that I am, I stroked his paws, and legs. He open his eyes a crack, and then stretched.
DVD Audio Status: English 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital
The area contains dense forests and has been the scene of a bitter Maoist insurgency, police and local officials told the BBC.
I had a meeting today--it always amuses me to see art faculty in meetings, because EVERYONE is drawing. Well, except for the department head...but someone has to lead the meeting while the rest of us draw. I guess that's why they get paid the big bucks.
Today's card is one I am so proud of! I took a little risk with the color combination, but it turned out so awesome!
Master manipulator, head bitch and grifter extraordinaire, former half term, half wit, half Governor of Alaska. She's not only fashionable, but has the audacity to preach abstinence after screwing the largest state in the country. Known to have taken money from VECO, found guilty of Abuse of Power by the legislature and gave $500 million dollars of state funds to her friends in Canada. Stated that Obama began his political career in "a terrorists living room" while forgetting to mention she started hers sipping wine in the living room of Bill Allen who has been convicted on multiple counts of felony bribery. First important act in office was to appoint over 100 friends from high school, church and political contributors to high level positions "without apparent regard to qualifications."
Republic of Korea
"What is this?" I explained to him my clever little plan.
Mr Coulson: In 2000.
Do you not? You do not want to not explode orbs?
1. Conversation dominated by those who have the least to say
Here is a photograph of them still in process (lying on my bed as I picked out greenery and such to adorn them. (You will notice I did not end up choosing to include the large purple themed bird that appears on the bed. It rather dwarfed the wings.)
In the 10+ years weve been in Afghanistan, it doesnt seem like weve made much progress. This is in no way to disparage the troops, because I would say the failure is due much more to planning, strategy, and politics, not due to the failure of our soldiers. Its time to let history take over, and what happens in Afghanistan happens in Afghanistan. I know this may be harsh to say, because we went in and caused a problem, but the Afghans have been having problems for decades, and it doesnt seem like anything we do  positive or negative  tends to have a lasting affect. People are going to get killed once we leave, but WE are responsible for the deaths of thousands of civilians anyway. We should focus on humanitarian efforts, and completely pull out militarily.
And if you happen to be in Woolworths from Anzac day onwards next week then pick up the May issue of the Woolworths Fresh mag. You might just spot a little photo and quote from Moi in there.
But being a shrewd old sociopath, Rupert Murdoch knows that this will simply make his negotiations with BSkyB shareholders even more of an uphill struggle. Reports from Slog sources are suggesting the 61% majority owners want 11 a share at least. Newscorps initial offer was 8. Thats a big difference: where is the Old Boy going to find 38% more cash?
he'd go into the kitchen to get a new
If you are good at comedy, take classes from the Groundlings or I.O. (formerly known as Improv Olympic).Second City in Chicago is also great.These are the most recognized improv comedy places. They look good on a resume.Its a great place to meet people when you are new to town.Classes are expensive so that can be hard when you are just starting out.I didnt do this but I wish I had.Almost every actor on The Office has studied with one of these 3 places.
- Cleaned out the papers that were piling up on the dining room table.
You have several options for gluing the assembled bunnies into your base card.
* The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be. ~ Marcel Pagnol
Here is the latest from Keg Liquors in Clarksville:
I have a couple of very immature vices - I love what Americans call soft-serve ice-cream (we call them cones or 99s if they have a chocolate flake stuck in them - mine always have the flake, all else is sacrilige). I eat chocolate and sugar in amounts that would sicken the average child and send the average adult into a sugar coma. I have no plans to ever stop travelling (definitely not just for the young!) and age has not, so far, given me a taste for 'mature civilised person' alcoholic drinks like wine and whiskey. I still like my vodka drowned in Coke or OJ or, ideally, replaced entirely with peach schnapps.
5. Leave a message on the blogs of those youve nominated.
Which brings me to my subject.
What's Included?
Their wisdom was coming from within themselves and from the world around them. Their wisdom was not from God, so they could not reflect Gods wisdom. Understanding the importance of His wisdom allows us to reflect an insightful life. Gods wisdom enables us to rest our minds in God and the miraculous power of a transformed life.
Pour into mini loaf pan and bake for 30 - 35 minutes, until golden.
The one where Gilby gets amorous.
The presidents comments came just hours before a formal White House dinner to honor Iraq War veterans, some of whom have also served in Afghanistan and may be redeploying there to assist ongoing U.S. military operations. Woodruff was the only journalist invited to attend the dinner.
When Brian Sewell was asked if he was going to see the Gustav Klimt exhibition at Tate Liverpool, he replied: But that would mean going to Liverpool. Liverpools awful. Nothing would get me there. They should dig a trench all round the place and pull it out to sea.
1-15 ounce can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed and drained3medium carrots, sliced 1/2 inch thick
It wont take long before you start to notice that your files are getting fat! And think of all that you are learning along the way! Dont get overwhelmed or think that you have to do, do, do all the live long day to get those files filled. Just do what you have time for in this season of your life. Even if you only have time to read one article on your topic every week, that is something, and you are still learning! That is the great thing about this challenge, you can adapt it to fit your needs and what you have going during this busy time.
YEAH! I'm too drunk to fuck ya!
What about technology companies such as Sony, who could contribute their digital video knowledge to the centre? Individual knowledge-based firms could also help out, especially those in the independent TV sector such as Tinopolis, Green Bay and Boomerang. Dinamo TV, which makes the popular Rastamouse series, is a leader in their field of animation whilst Bangor-based Gaia Technologies has 3-D educational software that is amongst the best in the World.
1/2 stalk celery, finely chopped
But this past week I think I missed the coffee truck most of all. We had Standard Coffee Company when I was very young and later the Jewell Tea Company had a truck that came down our block when I was older. They also sold coffee, spices and other desirable products. Last week I really missed the coffee delivery truck.
The Atharva Veda Mantras differ from the Rg Veda Mantras, Sama Veda Mantras and Yajur Veda Mantras in the being less rigorous in chandas, but the mantras are mostly the same. As per the Bhagavatham Atharva Veda was The First Veda and is called The Brahma Veda. atharvan, angIrA and brahmA were among the rishis.
I recognize
Dessert was a tasting plate of three different delights from fresh, tart berries to chilli-laced mousse which was paired with some carefully cellared Surefoot Stout. This alone would have been a finish befitting the tone of the night. But, in a taste of things to come, the expectant guests soon discovered that when you commit to a Beer Dinner at Beer Deluxe hosted by Prof Pilsner, well, expect the unexpected!
50g breadcrumbs
Her gripping story of finding joy against all odds provides a vivid and unforgettable reminder that life is a gift to be treasured.
Now I know many of you reading this blog are devote Christians/Jews/Muslims/followers of the old gods, so I just want to put it out there that celebrating a holiday does not make one immediately another religion. Seriously, if youre British and in the US for the fourth of July, a hot dog off the grill isnt going to make your UK citizenship shrivel up and die. The same is true for holidays.
NO. I am not ready to have another baby yet! I must be stern. I'm not ready. Not yet. And Ben DEFINITELY isn't ready. But another baby will come. And it will be cute and darling. All in due time. You just need some distance from the ridiculous cuteness to see clearly again.
When Samuel L. Jacksons Nick Fury showed up after the credits of Iron Man back in 2008 to recruit Tony Stark for the Avengers Initiative it was clear that The Avengers movie was in the works, and fanboys everywhere were instantly excited. A couple of months later Robert Downey Jr. had a similar cameo at the end of The Incredible Hulk to ask Bruce Banner/the Hulk to join the team. Then we got Iron Man 2 in 2010, followed by Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger in 2011 and all the pieces were set for The Avengers to take place. With some of the tonal differences between the movies I worried at first that they might not all mesh well in one large movie, but the task of bringing The Avengers to the screen was given to writer/director Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly) so I knew we were in capable hands.
Others suggested that to follow natures indiscretions with a moral compass calibrated to human sensibilities was ludicrous. This, in their mind, was a behavior to be admired in a undersized competitor fighting for it's very survival in a dog eat dog world.
And remember just who you are
Making the enchiladas: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add the onions and peppers and saute until almost tender. Add the green chiles, and all of the spices. Add the chicken, sour cream and 1/2 of the green chile sauce. Toss or stir well to combine thoroughly.
So. To business. Here is my two step plan that may or may not propel you into personality cult status.
But today, as children slept lazily until 8 and I had all my morning chores done without interruption by 7:30, I was reminded that this is coming to an end. So, while I can, I'm enjoying every second of this season. The 20 mornings that remain will be lazy, slow, relaxed and easy. I plan to inhale this time for as long as I can. First grade, third grade and fifth grade are knocking, but I'm not answering that door quite yet.
Rejection and self-pity have been told to go
Some of my favourite music from twothousandandeleven. This year there have been quite a few good albums although there wasnt anything that completely blew my mind.maybe Im getting picky in my old age. If anything this was the year where the guilty pleasure reared its oft-concealed head.
The EPA is requiring all consumer rodenticide bait products to be sold only with bait stations. Loose bait such as pellets will be prohibited, and there will be new restrictions on the active ingredients in the bait. The new standards also affect rodenticides used by professional applicators and for agricultural purposes.
Those are three key questions as we await ESDC's issuance of a scope--the range of issues to be studied and study area to be considered--for the Atlantic Yards DEIS. The draft scope, written by consultants AKRF (hired by ESDC, but paid for by developer Forest City Ratner), brushes off challenges affecting police and fire service, and ignores larger security and terrorism issues, lapses that have drawn harsh criticism not only from critical local officials but also Community Boards around the project footprint. And it leaves the arena parking issue murky. (The draft scope also has been criticized for its treatment of traffic, parking, and pedestrian issues. Note that I originally wrote that FCR hired AKRF for the draft scope, not ESDC; FCR has hired AKRF on other aspects of the project.)
Epically awesome! These are the words that were spoken by my sons friend, Dan, as we were carpooling to school recently. We had just passed a car that was warming up in the cold morning. It had steam coming out of two exhaust pipes. I agreed that it was somewhat interesting because the steam was billowing out of two exhaust pipes and not just one. But epically awesome? Come on! I argued that in order for something to be epic, it had to be much more special and better than exhaust fumes pouring from a car. But Dan stood his ground. He would not give an inch. He maintained that it was epically awesome.
Annoyance number 2. These assholes who want me to take a poll or see if I'm running GREEN energy. I'd here to taste beer! Get the fuck out of my face!
We had a follow up OB appointment today! It was so nice to hear the heart beat! He is getting big! I weighed in at 134.8lbs today. So far I have gained approx 12 pounds. Not too shabby I must say! I have been fighting a cold for the past week. This coughing is for the birds... Specifically in the afternoon to bed time! So, the Doctor put me on some meds..all of which I'm hesitant to take but after 7 days...I feel like I have no choice.. been drinking a TON of fluids...especially hot water with lemon!
I'm a million miles away from that helicopter day
It felt marvellous; free if you will.
I wanted to post some of the tweaking I have been doing this week in the house. I don't know why, but everything I did I am not quite satisfied with. I guess I am in a mood. So you may see some more tweaking in the near future.
On my way back through the little gate staring me in the face was one of my potted tubs just mindelessly vandalised - tipped up and plants pulled out and compost all over the place. Baffled, again no-one in sight - by no-one I was referring to either DAVE THE LAMB - OR MAX AND MATILDA THE DAMN GEESE) I once again started to scoop quickly - mainly due to me now being practically a soil scooping expert and being really mad - I was so mad. I went inside before I did something to Dave I might regret.
EDL for life
I really did intend to get to this sooner, but its the kind of news that doesnt get old.
My husband cut the vines as high as he could and at least that may stop them from continuing to grow and killing the trees. And because I made such a big deal out of the whole thing, it probably contributed to him setting up the tent on the following day.
Wal: Hmm, well Ill see dude. Will get back to you guys on this soon
To think rank is just how it is.
emailing, doing Aim, etc., she ran circles around me.
It's late at night when the front doorbell rings. Your husband groans, rolls over, and stands up sleepily. "Who on earth can it be at this hour?", he mumbles. He clicks on his bedside light, pulls on his robe and heads for the stairs.
 but without parrots on their shoulders, I added.
It is a huge task when you talk about strong feelings and aggravation between two or more people. Breaking down the emotions that get to the real problem is time consuming, yet needed. In my family, this is my role. I would not change it because it gave me a great idea of how to fix and build relationships.
Please contact me at kiddlady at yahoo dot com with your snail mail information.
Although some elements have been seen tested at earlier race weekends, this is the first proper appearance of the new assembly. The wing now features a twisted main plane section and a revised cascade.
-Shes too. He smiled benignly.
Eric and Sookie! Bill! Pam! YIKES!
I'm so thankful to have had you and the others in my life who have believed in me, even when there wasn't anything to believe in but a hope. I have a favor to ask. I'm applying to several graduate schools for my master's degree. I would be so grateful if you could write me a letter of recommendation...
6. Stain 03:22
you need credit. you need it, for emergencys and large one time purchases, but dont go buying stupid things, needs and wants are not the same thing. you dont need new shoes if your current shoes are appropriate for your daily life and in decent shape. you dont need $4.00 lattes or $15 meals. knowing what you are spending your money on is the first step to curbing those habbits.
hate was just a legend
The Khazakh connection
The next book for the best book club in the U.S.A. (Go DAFFODILS!) is Patti Smith's memoir Just Kids (2010). I'm not the most informed on Patti Smith's musical career, and while I like Horses quite a bit, I find some of her music is a little too poetic and overtly political for my taste. This book, however, hardly gets into Smith's music at all. Instead it is a kind of dual coming of age story of Patti Smith and photographer Robert Mapplethorpe in late-1960s / early-1970s New York City. It's a story of a foundational friendship and young artists finding their voice. But most of all, its a love story.
1 handle
Sunrise: I saw the sunrise during my run. I miss waking up and running before the neighborhood wakes.
A recurring theme in my life is how often I learn lessons about living by making mistakes. I write Kiss & Blog because airing my thoughts on dating and relationships helps with nailing down at least a few rules of engagement. Falling flat on one's face is a universal experience for anyone who has ever had more than one encounter with the opposite sex, but I can't help wondering how much better my nose would look had I been privy to some inside skinny before I began. Your nose, of course, is as cute as a button.
I only slightly exaggerate here. Etxebarri is absolutely legendary for its revolutionary grilling techniques; mastermind Victor Arguinzoniz designs innovative mechanisms specifically suited to ingredients never before subject to smoke and flame. Were talking oddities like egg yolk, here, along with caviar  for the intrigued, our now intimate friend Tony Bourdain investigates in an excellent episode of No Reservations.
2 Thessalonians 2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day (of Jesus coming) shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition (the antichrist beast of Revelation 13).
His book, Out of America, details his experiences as a correspondent in Africa, during which he witnessed the Rwandan Genocide, a civil war in Somalia, and a cholera epidemic in Democratic Republic of Congo. Richburg's book provoked controversy in the African American community due to its perceived criticism of Africans.
My children, I hope, will not suffer the same, I will not override their choices no matter how bad I may deem them to be. I will not live my dreams through them. I will allow them to follow their own paths, to make their own mistakes without criticism or condemnation, to allow them to fail and to be there to pick up the pieces. I have learned through my own experience and that of my parents that we cannot live anyones life for them, we cannot dictate who or what they will become, that is their choice, and I am grateful that society now allows my children to have that choice.
Start with four 800 repeats and work up to eight.
The Challenge: Our committee is not engaged.
Welcome back ! and watch out for the fun stuff beginning this Friday.
In the mean time, here's what happened: We came to know the kids from some of the families of our parish with whom we don't get to spend a lot of time, because they're not homeschooling the kids who are my older kids' ages, and they don't have little ones crying through Mass in the narthex (like Cuppie does). We also met and came to know some other amazing kids from families in other parishes--families we'd heard about, but we'd never had the blessing of meeting. Most of the kids were familiar to the Frog because of a diocesan-wide retreat she attended in February. Some of them were in her confirmation class.
I finished my 1st grade Treasures spelling list packets!!!!!! I only worked on them for almost 20 hours, in a zombie-like stupor, hunched over my computer, whilst ignoring my husband, dogs, and all I hold dear!
Desire HD
(13) Pick up some homesickness snacks
Is how we should club the cop that cuffed you, steal his keys, and break you out
I first heard her recite some poems around three, four years ago. She had just returned or was going to a Kavi Sammelan in Pune if I recollect and the response there had been encouraging. However nothing happened.
In marketing theory, one classic strategy for the brand leader is to do a job that grows the whole market rather than trying to steal share form your competitors. The theory is that if you're already the biggest, advertising what's good about the whole market means you benefit everyone else, but if the market grows proportionately then you'll gain more in volume terms than everyone else does. Most new entrants to any market tend to go for the biggest brands, so you'll probably grow disproportionately, benefiting everyone but, most of all, yourself.
1. Heat the oven to 400 degrees. Spread the hazelnuts evenly over a cookie sheet and roast until they darken and become aromatic, about 10 minutes. Transfer the hazelnuts to a damp towel and rub to remove the skins.
Id like to begin by thanking Scott Dunham and the Doc Film Series at the University of Chicago for inviting me to speak a little with you this evening. This opportunity is something of a dream come true. I have said in the past, with only slight exaggeration, that I wrote a whole book on Paul Thomas Andersons films just so I could write one chapter on Punch-Drunk Love. Punch Drunk Love is today the forgotten Anderson film (not counting his modest first effort, Hard Eight)the one that slipped in the cracks between Boogie Nights and Magnolia in the 1990s and then the sustained critical success of There Will Be Blood a decade later.
2 childhood
Were starting classes on the 15th and I cant wait to see the transformation in these women! Ill keep you posted!
Visit Jen for more flashbacks.
Sometimes the race card gets a little old and tedious. There are a lot of people in the US who make a princely income by race-baiting and by living through incendiary speech and through vitriolic hatred. Most of these people are not white, but are members of so-called minority pressure groups. These are the same people who were hugely disappointed when a mixed-race man became President of the United States because it made a lot of their bluster look foolish.
That's right. He wants to be called "Eyeballs."
Next week, Torta de las Tres Leches for Hanaa's husband. I am trying to keep an open mind about a cake soaked in nearly five cups of full cream and skim milk, cream and condensed milk. I just keep thinking of those soggy tomato sandwiches from my school lunch box. Gag. I am sure it will be grand, maybe not so much for the lactose intolerant!
Luke and Beth live in Nashville. He's a country songwriter! He's had a few #1 songs, including a few for Carrie Underwood. In fact, her latest song, Undo It, he co-wrote - and it just went #1 this week! He lives a busy, successful life in Nashville, but when we get him back home, it's as if he never left. He's as down to earth as they come and his new wife is just as wonderful.
When it comes to modern day movies and T.V. shows, Ill admit, Im not entirely in the loop. I find that most movies are just recreations of past movies mixed with a few different characters in a different environment. T.V. shows are often the same jokes and plots just repeated in different settings, so I dont really pay much attention to them.
Sadly, in a sad, ironic twist, Serena was recently diagnosed with cancer, and now we're asking for your help to raise money for Serena's surgery. Click here to read about Serena's fight in her own words, and note the list of planned fundraisers to offset her medical expenses. Please consider visiting these sites and purchasing these goods to help raise money for Serena's medical needs. Thank you.
And opened the top.
I probably made a mistake in rewatching the 1981 film the same day I was going to watch the new one. I was not entirely fair in my judgments of it because I sat there the entire time comparing the two. As a CGI-effects laden action romp, new Clash serves its purpose. It looks great. I've heard there are some issues with the 3D version, but I saw the 2D so I can't comment on that. The costumes looked incredible. Liam Neeson was shiny as a fresh shit, and I really liked Hades' (Ralph Fiennes) charred armor in particular.
Jones CA, Isaacs D. Predicting the outcome of symptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus infection. J Paediatr Child Health 1995; 31: 70-71.
All in all, we are very lucky. She is a very happy baby, except for the last few weeks since she has been sick. Her being sick just worries me so much and the fact that we keep sharing whatever it is, makes it even worse. We've both been on 2 rounds of antibiotics, so I guess if she's still sick on Tuesday, we'll see what Dr. S suggests next. When he saw her last (on Thursday) he said she is like a super baby. You could never tell she's premature. She advanced physically and cognitively is doing very well. She still doesn't have any teeth, but she loves to gum finger food to death. He also said that the reason for her recurrent sinus infections is that she might finally be getting those teeth and this may just be the way this affects her. Regardless, her coughing/hacking is scaring her mommy. Ugh. But anyway, I am so, so happy to have her in my life. I don't really remember life before her (except maybe that there was more sleep involved), but I'd give up every lost hour of sleep to have her in my life. I am the luckiest momma alive. She is our miracle. Our joy, the light of our life. And the past 9 months have sped by..I can't believe in 90 days, she'll be one. That is crazy to me...Elaina Lynn, we love you much..Happy 9 months!!!
But back to bags- there are certainly some opportunities in the shopping bag arena for some environmentally beneficial creativity. First up, if you are lacking reusable shopping bags, make yourself some shopping totes that suit your needs- perhaps something that folds up nice and compact, a big roomy bag, a retro crochet bag (link to .pdf), or whichever size and shape you might need, perhaps re-purposing materials you have on hand (ideally natural materials such as cotton that will decompose at the end of their useful life). Second up, make sure you have them on hand when you go shopping, and use and re-use them for as long as possible.
1 unconscious
But I will say that despite knowing most of whats on this other blog, I still like the way its written, it lets no one off easy, and with North America (or at least, the United States) in the situation its in today fat-wise, it shouldnt.
Expected CTC:
....By polyphonic, he means that the composition has a texture in which several parts, in this case, instruments, intertwine, each having its own melodic line. This is also known as counterpoint. The term 'fugue' also refers to the different instrumental parts entering the piece of music successively in imitation of each other. The 'brief motives' he refers to, are the short musical phrases or ideas. The use of counterpoint gives this piece a mechanical sounding rhythm, to some it may sound discordant or jarring to the ear....
A blanket of terror obliterates the sea. The sand. His words, the bruises on my arms and pain in my chest and legs.
Oh well, too late at this point. We shall see if anyone shows up at my house at 7:00 tonight.
At first it seems as if we're going in the wrong direction, as we would have salty, dry meat, if cooked right now.
By midweek her back ached, she had blisters on her hands and her shoulders had turned pink in the bright spring sunshine, but the garden was already looking better.
4. Taco Bell? No thanks, I'm not hungry.
Assistant Chief Constable (Non-London)  between one and five per force, dependent on size. Responsible for a certain policy area forcewide, as well as territorial oversight of two or more boroughs.
If I told you once, Ive told you a million times. Dont exaggerate!
Book week is a great example of community engagement and thanks to all our teachers for making our day a fun one.
That's the way my kids are, for definite sure.
All of these activities are free and everyone is welcome to come and join in, however we do ask that children under 8 are accompanied by an adult.
The shrunken sea has ruined the once-robust fishing economy and left fishing trawlers stranded in sandy wastelands, leaning over as if they dropped from the air. The sea's evaporation has left layers of highly salted sand, which winds can carry as far away as Scandinavia and Japan, and which plague local people with health troubles.The story of the Aral Sea is the sort of thing you want to point to when people argue that technology and human ingenuity will save us from our own self-inflicted crises. The Shrinkage started with the Soviet Union's plan to divert the Amu Darya and Syr Darya to grow a bunch of cotton in the middle of the desert. Hilariously, the Soviets knew the Sea would vanish as a result of this plan - but they did it anyway:''It was part of the five-year plans, approved by the council of ministers and the Politburo,'' said Aleksandr Asarin, an expert at the Russian State Hydroproject Institute who angered his bosses by predicting, in 1964, that the sea was headed for catastrophe. ''Nobody on a lower level would dare to say a word contradicting those plans,'' he said, ''even if it was the fate of the Aral Sea.''Apparently Kazakhstan is working to revive what is now the North Aral Sea with some success. There's less hope for the southern sliver of the sea that remains. The water, already so salty as to have been rendered lifeless, continue to recede from the stranded fishing villages and rusting husks of Soviet-era fishing boats that used to subsist on the sea's bounty.
- Self-absorbed - NEVER
The second reason the poor don't matter very much in the yawning gaps between elections is that they don't have much money, don't throw great parties and can't chuck the juicy bone of a tender deal to hungry politicians. Julius (Kiddie Amin) Malema may talk about improving the lot of the poor and nationalising the mines so that ordinary South Africans can share in all that wealth underground but we all know this is nothing but political bullshit. Anyway, when has a nationalised industry ever benefited the people (with the exception of oil in Norway)? They usually end up costing the taxpayer a fortune and the reason for that is very simple; politicians don't make good businessmen. No, like most politicians the world over, Julius and his mates want to hang out with the sort of people who can settle the bill for all that Johnnie Blue at the end of the evening. So why waste time on the poor?
As soon as I heard the topic for the challenge I knew that I wanted to make a card for a sweet little girl.
To be fair, some of the Georgia players were waving towels.
Yesterday, when I got back from my Zumba class, we spent the day sitting in our lovely garden reading and enjoying the sunshine in temperatures of 20C - lovely.
Unroll dough onto a baking sheet coated with cooking spray; cut into 4 quarters. Pat each quarter into a 6 x 5-inch rectangle. Sprinkle garlic evenly over rectangles. Top each rectangle with 1 cup spinach, 2 onion slices, 1/3 cup mushrooms, and 3 tablespoons cheese. Bring 2 opposite corners to center, pinching points to seal. Bring remaining 2 corners to center, pinching all points together to seal. Bake at 425 for 12 minutes or until golden.
Allegiances shift when the brothers finally track down Warm and realise that the Commodores tracker Morris is now in cahoots with him. The Sisters follow the pair out to a gold claim, and at this point De Witt reveals his skill at character development that is not smothered in disingenuousness or irony. This section is really where the novel finally found a heart to match its cleverness. The Sisters Brothers is an intelligent, well crafted novel. If my own preference is for something a little more earnest and honest in its exploration of the human heart and mind (especially having caught a glimpse of de Witts perfect aim in this regard), the critics thought it was pretty much perfect as it stood: The Sisters Brothers won both the Governor Generals and the Writers Trust awards last year.
To actually answer him.
Ive read that on Ultramarathons you should (stop and) take on board food so I tried out mashed potatoes and oats last week and although they were every cheap to make, they didnt taste too good so I thought Id try an energy bar or two. Mule bars have about 45g of carbs and 250 calories which I thought would be good to keep me going.
Have a nice day!
Anyhoo, Adrianne's lifestyle blog accompanies her painting business which produces "Fun Art for Cool Kids." Naturally, much of her blog content addresses fun activities, party ideas and decor for kiddies. Right before Anna arrived, Lambchop's posts were dedicated to nursery decorating, with Adrianne providing tons of ideas for painting and decorating the sweet one's new space.
It's a reminder that the first job of every ad is to not be ignored. People are not reading the paper or magazine for the witty and informative commercial content, they instinctively ignore it. A print ad needs to get it's whole point across in a nanosecond to someone who isn't looking OR it needs to be interesting enough stop someone. The are of course lots of ways to do this - more on that another time. For now it's just about perspective. And stop staring at your layout - no-one else is.
if you didnt read venus capriccio ill just say it again: the art is GORGEOUS! im sorry i used the summary from mangahere but i just couldnt find the right words to summarize the manga! and it was driving me crazy.
Peter Lyons does another ripper opinion piece, this time on the inanities of the domestic housing market.
-Heat canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the veggie crumbles and break up with a spoon.
I planned to get out there this week, but was hit with a whammy of a spring-cold. Once again, working out has been put on hold. Tomorrow, I think I will head out to Fusion Fitness for a change of pace before I jump into my next round of marathon training. We will see how I feel. Right now, I just feel like I am getting flabby...
So 7 things...
As it turned out I never did have to go and look for a wheelbarrow.
Cost 30 million pounds,
And even those that do seem to quit either go back, fall into another MMO or go back and play another MMO at the same time. I don't see the appeal in that. That's even more of a waste of time in my opinion. At the same time, people this I still have a problem when they look over to my laptop and see the few games I own on steam and still play semi regularly. Right now I'm on a Brink/Terraria kick. Brink because I pre-ordered it in November by mistake, I paid for it and I'll play it dammit. And Terraria, well that's because it looked kind of fun. Plus most of my group got it so we could play online. Still doesn't help my image though since now I get responses like "What are you doing, Larping again?" or "Wasting more time on that useless thing I see, why don't you do some real work for once." Screw you bro, you don't know about the other work I do. Don't judge because I'm playing a game after I just studied for a test for two hours. Mind your own business. While I play Team Fortress 2, I'm not the one with the problem.
I hung up the phone and snuggled under the sheet, looking through the mosquito net that made the orange ambient street light streaming through the window fuzzy. I miss my home and my dog, but I am ready to get to work. I fell asleep to the sounds of cars, musicians playing, and people laughing and talking long into the night.
Pull: Simplex T-Bar.
My friend concluded that it was because of our pals upbringing and culture, where in his country, people are more laid back, grateful and unguarded.
So for the OKC fans, who like me know what it is like to support and love a small-market franchise team, I say congrats! And good luck. I see the way these fans support their teams to be similar to how students of mid-major schools support their team during the NCAA tourney. Sure, like many others I think and would agree there is a deeper connection to a team/school when you are a student, but for many that same emotional is there for a professional team.
Remember, O most gracious Virgin Mary,
When 290 degrees has been reached, quickly dump in the peanuts, bacon pieces, and butter. Stir quickly to incorporate. Now just as quickly, dump in the vanilla, salt, and baking soda. It will bubble up so be careful. Stir until it stops foaming and quickly (carefully too) pour the molten hot mass onto your prepared cookie sheet and let it spread out. Do not use a spatula or the spoon to smooth it out because it will deflate the brittle.
Mission: to incorporate the arts into the healing process.
I've been dragging my feet packing up my scrapbook room. I still need all of my stuff out. Ok, not all of it..but the essentials. I've even contemplated making my own little nook at The Scrapbooking Studio in the crop room. LOL
Some former government officials say stepping up regulatory scrutiny of lawyers for their work on cases snared in investigations by the SEC could send a chilling message. The government needs to be careful not to deter lawyers from being zealous advocates for their clients, says John Wood, a former U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
Just then, a high-pitched squeal filled with happiness and delight, sounding so out of place, rang out into the cement courtyard. I looked up and could see a tiny figure struggle to be free from being held, dressed in blue and white, break from the others and run towards me. My heart pounded with recognition, but I found I was afraid to hope. Was it really my little baby bear? Joy filled my heart and tears flooded my eyes as I listened to my babys distinctive voice cry out Me ma me ma me ma, as her little feet pounded the pavement. She ran into my arms and we embraced. My mate then came up to me as well with tears in his eyes, and hugged us both. Thank you Jesus! I whispered under my breath, as I embraced my family once again.
And its such a fix to hear your voice
There is a parade and western festival in our city, so we will ride our beach cruisers down to the events for an hour or two. Have a beautiful weekend everyone! ox
But, for some reason, some of the cast got it in their head that I didnt actually care about the show, and that I just wanted to make myself look good, and they dont think Ive actually done any work.
It's a fascinating read, and an example of how anyone's life can be interesting. It had me looking at some unfinished business in my life, too, and asking who I'd visit or track down if I had a year to do it. My story would be a little bit different (Kravitz, after all, is of the AARP generation), but it could be worth looking into in honor of my 30th birthday, which is happening this year, and the cross-country trip I might make after the big day.
**Part of me hesitated to post this for a few reasons. Clearly its unflattering. I know hes allowed to move on, with anyone he wants to move on with. And at the end of the day, I can see through the anger that I do want him to be happy. (Who can blame me if I wanted to be happy first?) Im fully aware that I need to get over it. And I know that I will get over it. This is just another reminder of how lucky I am that I got out of this relationship before the wedding. And, Im afraid I give him some power by showing him this bothers me. But you know what? I said Id be honest here. Im sharing my journey. And this is part of my journey  no matter how unpleasant or unattractive. And I know that some of you have been through something similar. So, I warily press Publish this morning, and look forward to your comments.**
We the walked back to the car and continued our drive to Killarney. It only took us about an hour to get to Killarney from Blarney and it was an uneventful drive. We did note that the Irish Open was going to be held in Killarney at the end of July and were happy we werent there for that weekend.
So of course I changed the title and I had to edit and it had dust on it from being stored away for many many many years It seems
movie itself. Back in the '60s, one of my cousins had the CORGI TOYS
Whatever has gone wrong, it's time, Mrs Rigby thinks, for him to take himself out of both the media and the political spotlights, otherwise we might soon be reading his obituary.
find
"Predators" is a movie that set out to return this venerable sci-fi action franchise to basics--after a decade of comic book and movie cross-overs with Fox's other killer alien property, the xenomorphic, acid-dripping Aliens. And it does a fantastic job of doing just that.
E (when I dont share) is for the Envious reaction
So I tried canning chicken several weeks ago but I'm only just now getting around to blogging about it. Pesky Spring Break vacations and such have kept me from my blog :)
O a strange hand writes for our dear son, O stricken mothers soul!
First up . . . Amber from Lemongrass Spa. If you've never heard of Lemongrass Spa, you have got to check out this line of natural bath and body products.
should be changed to
Sign on to the Accord now, Ottawa can be the change,
Bethesda-Chevy Chase 17, Wheaton 7
A woman from Texas has become a celebrity after getting bitten by a hungry zebra. After TV footage of her misadventure was shown at the safari guesthouse, Im sorry to say that a young lady from Oklahoma asked me to bite her:
CD57 from REDLABS, Europe
I read an interview in a movie mag saying that Quentin said he was known for ressurecting old genres!! Well Quentin, if by old genres you mean shit movies? I'm sorry to tell you Hollywood have been doing that for years!
well, we had her all ready to go to a certain school.
Instead, Bournemouth's long sandy beach was bathed in sunshine and the mercury hit 2C (???), making it the hottest day of the year so far. Tourism chiefs believe Bournemouth missed out on 25,000 extra visitors who would have all spent an average of 41 for the day. "
Now Im sure Im not alone out there when I say that I feel enormously guilty at receiving a gift on valentines day especially when it means its like pouring salt on an open wound for a single person so whilst all you singles out there are glaring at us and having a dig at how dumb valentines day is then please do know that we do feel bad about your circumstances which prevented you from receiving your own gift but please dont hate us for being happy that we received ours.
1) Wednesday, vs. Utah, 6:00 PM, 1st Round NBA Playoffs, TNT; 2) Saturday, at Utah, 9:00 PM, 1st Round NBA Playoffs, TNT
I am grateful she is no longer in pain
I'm feeling especially full of gratitude this Thanksgiving season.
What if, instead of war,
AS the 2011 calendar year comes to a close, I can look back at nearly four months of work with iPads in my classroom community. I am more resolute than ever. This endeavor is a valuable one and the curriculum learning, the 21st century skills learning, and the motivation of my students has never been more rich.
Grauns Rodelinda had been performed in December 1741 on a temporary stage in the Kings Berlin palace, but it was with the composers Cesare e Cleopatre that the Hofoper opened, a year later, on 7 December 1742. The following year saw a performance of the Saxon Johann Adolf Hasses La clemenza di Tito (composed in 1735 to Metastasios libretto, and heard by Mozart in Cremona, in 1770, twenty-one years before his own setting). The musical shadow of Italianate Dresden which had first made itself felt upon Frederick on hearing Hasses Cleofide there in 1728, would continue to be keenly felt; Prussia had a great deal of cultural catching up to pursue. (Primacy of Italian opera in Dresden would persist until Weber.)
Team News
Stay safe and well
we are the same
6. Make a Teddy!
Ephesians 5: 25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her 28 In this same way, husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies. He who loves his wife loves himself. 33 However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband.
.... I love Beav it to Leave it. Er.... Leaver to Beav it..... I mean Leave It To Beaver. It rocks my socks. Who needs any other TV?
I was dumbfounded. Haunted? Yes, he told me. Once he was falling asleep while visiting, and suddenly it got very cold in the room. Weird cold, he told me. He felt like he wasnt alone, but he wasnt afraid, and it was like that for about five minutes. I have never felt these things here. And yes, Adrienne, and Peg, and Colleen, if youre all reading this, it was the guest room that you always stay in when you come.
Also, the choppiness of dialogue sentences and whether the character speaks complete sentences may tell the characters attitude or even education level. Consider how terse dialogue is spoken by a character who is combative, how sensitive phrases might be used by a caretaking character. Doing the reverse can be even more interesting. Consider how jokes from a bank robber make his/her character more interesting.
Why do people seek feedback that is consistent with negative self-views? According to the theory this consistency engenders a sense of prediction and control in the world. The individual can anticipate how others are going to treat them, if others will like them, how others will behave. Knowing what to expect, even if its something negative, allows the individual to prepare accordingly, and thus to feel in control in social situations. It also allows the individual to feel like they know themselves well, and that is reassuring.
212-260-7103
Unroll the pastry and spread the cheese, feta, sprinkle with oregano and black pepper. Cover with cheese the 3/4 of the sheet.
It followed her to school one day
I decided to hit the town right away. I asked Kirsten some places she recommended, and enjoyed all of the areas she sent me.
Cinnamon - 1/2-inch piece stick (optional), powdered
Want to facilitate your agenda? Buy a month! Pick the staff member you prefer! They'll give your books the chance they deserve, with provocative displays and high-quality, full-color images. We'll be distributing our calendar from sea to shining sea, so don't miss this sterling promotional opportunity. Best of all: you can pass the expense on to your clients.
2 movies for you.
All the above is hard fact, not supposition, and of course should be the basis of interviews with the seedy, lying psychopaths at the center of this demented, wrecking ball of a war that turned out to be a snipe hunt.
Theres not much I can realistically offer in the negative column. The villain Loki was somewhat low-key *pauses for groans*, but that just added to the enjoyment. There was no depth really, but then there were so many lead characters to leaver in that sub-plots were always going to be a non-starter. Theres the title I suppose, which is a little weak. But it did at least mean I didnt get confused, stand up in the cinema at the hour mark and declare THIS IS ALL WELL AND GOOD, BUT WHERE THE BLOODY HELL ARE STEED AND PEEL!?! Because without the word assemble clagged on the end, there would have been absolutely no way to differentiate between this set of infamous superheroes, the majority of whom having established cinematic franchises of their own already, and that bloke in the bowler hat But furthermore, the title just makes me think of a school assembly. I can see it now: Iron Man receiving his 15-metre swimming ribbon; Black Widow picking up a netball trophy; The Hulk giving a clarinet recital. Then they all pitch in with a rousing chorus of All Things Bright and Beautiful before saying the Lords Prayer and running through the house-points totals.
Though they horrified virtue, genius, glory
(This is what happens when I get busy trying to earn a living and dont check the NRC Event Reports every day.)
Good MORNING everyone! Just a casual life update. Last night was Relay for Life at Virginia Tech. For those of you who do not know what that means, it is an all-night marathon of donating for the American Cancer Society. The goal -- to create more birthdays and honor those who are fighting the battle, lost the battle, or have beat cancer. Raising awareness and donations are the biggest drivers in eliminating cancer.
Its easy for the theist, he says, in that correct functioning means functioning as God intended, and God wants us to believe in him, so believing in him is correct functioning. (Which makes alot of unwarranted assumptions about God and belief, but well let that pass for now.) What, he asks, can the atheist offer instead?
You dont even like me. He smiled a little evilly.
We got a tip yesterday that Dan McDermott, QVCs senior vice president of customer services, is no longer employed at the home shopping network. We heard that he exited Tuesday.
Customer-focused innovation has to be more than just an idea; we  need to take action and remove barriers to enhancing the health care experience. It begins and ends with the end-user  it tells us what they need, what they want, and how we deliver.
I chose to work with this colorful LOVE image provided by Melissa Bickford. I love the font she chose and the postage stamp look! I printed the image on SS White cardstock, ran it through my Big Shot with the Linen Impression Plate, and sewed one lone Raspberry Fizz button with twine from the Twinery. Easy Peasy!
5 shuriken stars. So epic, so amazing, so fantastically awesomely amazing. I really want to just sit here and gush over how amazing it was. This is what convinced me to read Everlost by Neal Shusterman, and what has made him one of my favourite authors.
The current annual Idea Book & Catalog ends on May 31st
Today is another spectacular day, and I hope all of you enjoy it too!
This is a happy day for this blog  marked and noted!
Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone.
Ive purposely factored the numerator to show where the length of the coil comes into play. What I did was to calculate the coil field at several points on the axis and then fit that data to the equation above. The result was:
My husband's fav is French toast with honey. He's a beekeeper's grandson so he always choses honey over syrup.
In other news, I shared a cozy snuggle with Stella this morning. She crawled into my bed. I told her I wanted to stay in bed all day until I poop, that if my colon can go on strike then I can too, go make yourself breakfast, you know where the kitchen is. She thought that was ludicrous.
This show was on in the fall and I have no idea if its coming back or if its been canceled or what. Its the newest Fox sitcom that will likely get canceled after a season. This show holds up surprisingly well under repeating views (there are so many jokes that you miss about 1/4 of them the first time through). I wanted this show to be awesome because so many of the Arrested Development cast is involved here. And its mostly very good. I think the last few episodes have really shown off the writing chops.
I just love the impact that these few, and usually FREE touches make!
On Monday, May 17th I'll be hitting in midtown with a new configuration that I'm really looking forward to. Roberto Romeo (of Roberto's Winds) has been producing a Monday Night series at Rosie O'Grady's on 46th Street. He's been bringing in some great bands. I saw Donny McCaslin's trio, Loren Stillman's band, Greg Osby's sextette and a quartet led by drummer Jonathan Blake that featured Mark Turner and Jaleel Shaw.
Dark chocolate- 100 gms, chopped fine
No Im not going for the traditional white cake. I want this:
So don't wait, they won't last long. CamelCamelCamel is a website I use to price check items. Camel says that this is THE lowest price these dutch ovens have ever been (Camel's history goes back to 2008.)
All week I have been skipping breakfast. I'm just not feeling hungry in the mornings the way I normally do. It is a very strange thing for me since my sweet blood (read diabetes) usually has me shoveling food in my mouth the second I wake up. My blood sugar doesn't seem to be effected, yet. I've been keeping an eye on it so I don't bottom out and faint.
Then, I got a phone call from Zelda's teacher. She had a fever of over 100 degrees. Everything drops. Zelda hasn't had a seizure in 8 months and she is now on 2 different meds that seem to be working. If she gets a fever, a seizure could appear at any moment. I run home, get a syringe of Children's tylenol, a syringe of Kepra, and her Diastat giant rectal injection in case she seizes.
I'm not saying there aren't times when it is hard and things are not quite so wonderful. It seems like all doom and gloom out there, with all the problems that libraries, librarians and school librarians are having with closures, no funding and job cuts, and the retail side of things being squashed until there are so few bookshops left; not to mention publishers and publishing contracts being even harder to come by.
8. Big City Man (Christiansen, Oberg) 3:46
FXXX me.
I walked into an explosion of pink and fell in love. Me. One who snubs her nose at pink clothes, pink kitchenware, pink baby items, pink ANYTHING. Now what to do?
I pass it everyday on the way to the train station and every time I say to myself I should find out about classes. I had put it off and procrastinated for weeks, because of fear. I was afraid of being the new kid in class, I was afraid of not being good enough, I was afraid of disappointing myself. I thought Ill call them up, maybe they have a beginner class I can start off in just so I can ease back into the grove of things and not be to far out of my comfort zone. I called and the answer was umm no sorry, we dont really have levels of hip hop, but each teacher teaches a different style of hip hop. Okay, I though, So what your telling me is that I have no choice but to go into what will most definitely an extremely advanced dance class? Yes.
Sentiment: Computer generated and punched with a Stampin' Up Paper Savers punch
Ludibrium Games
Montreal-based Canadian progressive gem...side 1 includes only one long(19'54")track entitled "Mann Made" , which is very interesting,mixing progressive,classical and elctronic music with spooky and dreamy organ passages,acidy guitarleads,flute solos,harsh vocals...side 2 except "Keep On Moving" ,which utilises fast rhythms with horns and synthesizers contains more slow and melodic moments like "Country Company" and "Reflections" with a hypnotic mood... "Carnival" is a strong mid-tempo ballad,sounding like a combination of Tim Buckley and Tim Hardin, but with also harsh vocals...the cut called "Evolution" ,which is the album's highlight,features good rhythm and stunning lead guitar work with several similarities to Pink Floyd's music...
Breakfast started with an English muffin topped with leftover guac and scrambled eggs. Pretty dang delish and tons of protein. Helps with the hangover, too. Ok, Im not sure if thats proven, but it is in my case.
Lin at Duck and Wheel with String
This has generated news stories in almost every part of newsmaking  frontpage news; career sections, business and life. Everyone is talking about it and lawyers and consultants are saying this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Marchand de Vin Sauce
Perhaps.
Big Eye ~ 2001/1994
Can you see why this is a tough decision? So no, Im not going to make any rash decisions. I owe it to myself to not do that. Because if youre anything like me, you know that after you end a relationship, its easy to second guess all the decisions youve ever made. Its easy to see all the ways you were intolerant of someone elses flaws. Its easy to blame yourself for throwing away a perfectly good relationship. What I want to do is explore all the possibilities, try all the ways I can, collect data (hello, Im an engineer), and understand how I feel. That way I know that in the wee hours of the night when The Voice tells me how stupid I was and how much being alone sucks, I can whisper back that I made the right decision and that time heals all wounds.
'Ok, ok, I'm going!' 'You aren't supposed to be following me!'
Well, that about does it for any plans I ever had for retiring to Florida and enjoying a quiet peaceful life sitting out by the pool with a bunch of other old senile seniors munching on a plate of cheese and Ritz crackers. Nope..not gonna do it.
Its been a while since I actually thought about why my blog name is restlesspen and why I call myself the Restless writer. Mainly, its self explanatory, though never more so than I feel it is in this moment.
Wikipedia also notes the Congressmans substantial philanthropic work in education and that Rep. Polis is a notable milestone for minority politics in that he is the first openly gay man elected to the House as a freshman and the first gay parent in Congress.
Heidi Swinton has done a masterful job in sharing the life of an ordinary man chosen for an extraordinary work.
Before the mass media evolved into what it is today, habitually addictive activities like smoking and alcohol use were predominantly passed on through families or influenced by social circles. Plus, the detrimental effects of these substances was not yet widely known or accepted.
Polymer clay ruining your polish? Use the quick dry polishes or the gel coatings in the nail salon.
--I thought to myself, "Sweeeet ride!"
No matter what youre looking for in the way of an outdoor experience, chances are thatwith the exception of utter solitudethe 3.2-mile Nat Greene Trail is a great option. The reason the trail works so well for so many different purposes is the variety of its terrain and scenery. The trail really divides into three sections, each offering its own rewards.
Attack/Defense Modes: Nil
What I am saying to you is that I have the capacitywe all do; and when I say we all do, I mean the mighty ones, the archangelswe have the capacity to bring the fullness of our energy to many, many, many, and yes, if you wish, millionsmillions!of places simultaneously. It is not bilocation. It is not multilocation. It is the ability to be present fully and completely where we are called, where we are required, where we wish to be. Because I am always connected also infinitely to the heart of One, and I am always infinitely in this moment with you, on the radio, fully connected to you.
Who hasn't LOL!!!! I am as big of a klutz as the next person....aren't all people klutzes??? Oh, well....I am!!!
And yes, it was amazing to be able to show my portfolio, Falling Into Place: Self Portraits, to national and international museum directors, curators, gallery owners and directors, educators, book and magazine publishers, photo editors, photography festival organizers, photo agency representatives, foundation directors and creative consultants. I saw 22 different reviewers in all. Their feedback was priceless, and when the invitations came, they took my breath away.
And here is the belly bump at 12 weeks. Kinda looks like a beer belly to me, but somewhere in there is a peach-sized Felix. I have not started to feel better yet. Grrr. I am still super tired and VERY VERY nauseous and occasionally I vomit profusely. TMI? Let's all hope this passes soon. On the plus side, Felix must be a girl because I know I never felt this lousy when I was pregnant with the boys. I know this, because had I felt this bad, we would only have had Jack. Seriously. An interesting side effect to this pregnancy has been my total aversion to all things sweet. Cookies, cake, ice cream, chocolate- blech! I think this is very strange.
Confused? Dont worry, so am I! But Im just going along with it, Mom knows what to do, so Ill just follow her. Again, LOL. (It's a good time to only be 12+1 years old. I don't have to have all the answers.)
And that makes me very happy!
Youre just ok.
NAMA MAY NEED A LITTLE ENCOURAGEMENT
Please grab code from right side bar.
It takes a lot to pick up your feet after being dropped from one of the most renowned alternative rock labels in the US, but it takes something else altogether to come back bigger and more triumphant than before. Vegas pop rock heroes The Cab did exactly that after leaving Fueled By Ramen last year with the summer release of their immaculate sophomore record Symphony Soldier, paid for entirely out of their pocket and boasting co-writes with the likes of Bruno Mars and Adam Levine of Maroon 5. Fresh off their US co-headlining tour with The Summer Set, the band have released a live footage video for the song La La, the follow-up to lead single Bad, which was accompanied by a video (the video was made up of stills of lead singer Alex DeLeon sharing a text conversation with a flirtatious lover) that went somewhat viral at the time of its release, gaining 2 million views in just 2 days. La La is an ideal choice for a second single, particularly because it has a hooked so massive itll be firmly lodged in your brains for days on end. Switching between funky guitar led verses with breathy vocals and a chorus filled to the brim with burlesque-style piano glides, the song is reminiscent of a racier and edgier version of a Justin Timberlake song, which is by no means a bad thing, judging by the amount of global success the popstar has amounted through his career.
What is required here, as in all history, is the effort to unearth, or read between the lines, the silences of the powerless, of the men, children, and especially women who have not been praised and propagandised by historys various elites. To write, as it is sometimes put, herstory as a counterweight to history.
Maybe you have these papers in file folders or a box.? I would like to show you how I have our family's documents stored.
Current specials as at August 8, 2011
For men and women are not only themselves; they are also the region in which they are born, the city apartment or farm in which they learnt to walk, the games they played as children, the old wives tales they overheard, the food they ate, the schools they attended, the sports they followed, the poets they read, and the God they believed in. It is all these things that have made them what they are, and these are the things that you cant come to know by hearsay
Our first big hill came about the 18-19K mark. I wasnt sure how well I was doing on my time, and I continued to keep my eyes open for the boyfriend. I wasnt sure how long he would make it given his ankle, but I was happy for him since I hadnt seen him at all!
-#1
This plant is also called Devils Shoestrings, which it gets not from the hairy two-inch long seed pods, but from the stringy root system. The stringy root mass makes an excellent soil binder that helps prevent erosion. Goats Rue is also known as Virginia Tephrosia and Catgut.
Even harder yet is trying to pass said contrived retrospected rock music off as the music of a generation. It's just not possible, or true. RENT is one guy's idea of what rock music from a brief geographical and historical period was like. The music of a generation is defined by variation, by themes, by adaptations, by deviations. It cant be defined by one guy writing some pretty shitty pseudo-operatic non-melodic rock music about some friends of his who got the HIV.
"First, Charlie Sheen can't really act, so just cast him as a rich, drunk womanizer who has to support his brother and nephew. Make sure there is no character development throughout the run of the series. Neither of the men, nor the kid, can develop into real people. You need a shrew of an ex-wife somewhere, and, heck, a shrew of a mother, too. Throw in a lot of bimbos, maybe a stalker, and then tell the same jokes over and over and over and over and, well, you get the idea."
Here is a tip: apply pressure to the foam when you are cutting. The flatter and more condensed it is, the easier it will be to slice through.
At least 10 other agents are doing the same, aside from getting the seller to sign estate agency agreement forms with the CEA. The forms indicate that an agent will get exclusive rights to market the home and receive the agreed commission.
The recovery period nearly drove my wife insane. I came home one day at lunch to check on her only to find her watching Jersey Shore. The next day she dispatched me to Hobby Lobby to purchase her yarn and crochet needles. On day three she delivered the best line of the whole ordeal when she said, "I'm too old to watch Jersey Shore and too young to crochet.
People say that in mixed marriages, one ideology usually dominates. One person in the relationship usually converts, either for personal reasons, outside pressure or convenience. As for me, I am going to change my subhead to Can a vegetarian Jewish guy and a pescatarean desi girl live happily together?
The owners respect for the site translated into several environmentally sensitive design decisions. To further tie the house to the land, a natural palette of wood and concrete with weathered steel accents is incorporated throughout the house. In addition to allowing the house to blend into the landscape, the green roofs allow rain water to be absorbed on-site and ensure that the house remains cool in hot summer months. A passive solar design strategy was implemented as well: large windows expose the concrete floors and retaining walls to the morning sun, thus minimizing the need for artificial heat.
If I have harmed you in the past, I apologize. I will endeavor to keep myself from causing harm in the future, but I cannot guarantee perfect success. I will endeavor to live up to my potential, to work at becoming more than I am today. I will strive.
Then it was Pips turn. His head did not quite reach the projector screen so the clerk set out a blue plastic milk crate for him to stand on. To my relief, Pip did exactly as instructed. He stepped up on the crate, stood straight and still, and looked directly at the camera while the clerk took a couple of shots.
patience, my friends.
My parents had apparently underestimated how traumatized I was by my first biking experience. They immediately went into damage-control mode. In a tone of voice that was so enthusiastic it was almost condescending, my dad said "How about I teach you how to ride your new bike, Allie?!" I buried my face in my mom's skirt and cried harder. "Well, do you want to go for a ride on my bike?" My dad continued. "You can sit on the bar while I pedal! It'll be fun!"
Will we be debating if taxpayers should pay for new sneakers for all students that are interested in running to keep fit? This is, in very typical rush style, a lie by illusion. Why mention taxpayers paying for anything since this issue had nothing to do with taxpayer services? He does this to muddy the water create the impression that those supporting this issue are looking for some sort of government handout. Not true, but a typical Rush lie.
**NOTE: This is what God's sister smells like. AMAZING.
Now, I enjoy writing these types of blogs because there is an almost never ending supply of subjects that I can write "how to" style blogs about. I will continue writing these types of blogs no matter what because its my niche and people seem to enjoy them.
-Sam Kraus
I love this challenge, because I LOVE the look and feel that dry embossing does to paper.
Wasilewski does, however, cover Bleys own Big Foot, a tune the composer included on his first ECM record (the third disc in the companys history) and has recorded on several other ECM discs for some reason as Fig Foot. Here Wasilewski only hints at Bleys melody, allowing the jagged-edge funk of the melody to be an inventive springboard for the trios creative compatibility and energizing fusion of melodic ideas.
The article read fine, then Tengku threw the following at the readers. Thats the beauty of Tun Mahathir.?!? If Tengku has no idea how much harm was caused by policy written by, or mere presence of this man via cult of personality effect, negative influence via culture of patronage effect, out of touch is indeed the word for this wakil Rakyat. If this post if offensive, please inform, I will remove this post the next time I update the site.
A heartening touch, she faded from pain.
As an added bonus, some studies show that babies who wear cloth diapers potty train an average of five months earlier than other babies.
The methods used by Tamil Nadu police are not unique to the Southern State. From Bhopal to Jagatsinghpur to Kalinganagar and Lanjigarh, and behind the scandalous jailings of two persons for circulating Mamatas cartoon or behind her jailing of several people protesting the eviction of the Nondanga slum near Kolkata, the thinking and the modus operandi of the State is the same  to criminalise dissent.
Keeps me whole.
I'm going to burn my brain a little more with thinking, but, I have to make a choice, don't I? I have to decide something, I think I almost have the answer, but I still have got to think...
I currently have shite everywhere, I can't find my marriage certificate and if a disaster happened (and this seems to be a common occurence lately) I would struggle to find all the important documents.
Paul Corrie  I was thrilled with the project that was selected for my Top 20 Designers to Watch For in Marchs Traditional Home. The client is actually a dear friend of mine, which definitely led me to have reservations about working togetherI dont like to mix business with pleasure. The client, however, was very clear in what he a wanted, and as a result of our friendship, we had an extremely strong and open line of communication throughout the process. The result was an environment that he continues to say he could never have imagined, and I couldnt be happier with the finished product.
Mittal said that the TD-LTE (Long Term Evolution) technology adopted by Airtel would be the platform for future broadband revolution.
It would have been useful had Ministers reminded voters of this pledge and given some vague hint of when the later date might arrive. Still, it remains Government policy, and the answer, therefore, to the question: If were going to directly elect a mayor, how can we directly unelect a rubbish one? is that, by the time the possibility arises, some recall mechanism should, as promised, be in place.
Are you saving time?
"The most important scientific revolutions all include, as their only common feature, the dethronement of human arrogance from one pedestal after another of previous convictions about our centrality in the cosmos."
J and I sat down the other day and, as I was curious, we worked out the complete cost of our wedding.
* A Twitter or Youtube background (the winner chooses which site the background will be made for)
auxiliary strap means requires separate sections made of different materials.
There are many more amazing creation apps out there. I will continue to explores these in future Whetting Your APPetite volumes, and welcome readers to share their favorites in the comments section.
"Still, that's awfully impressive," he continued, seemingly with genuine admiration. "Especially at your age."
Only advanced journalism team members, a.k.a. the seniors, get to work on ODell Highs morning news crew. So, being a junior, it should feel kind of exciting to be in here, like I have a VIP backstage pass. But Im not running around fixing the lighting or fidgeting with the massive cameras like the other students around me. Im about to be on the school news, though not as a younger reincarnation of the great Carter Phillips, destined to lead the future of broadcasting, or anything. No, that would be the person I feel obligated to, my ex-boyfriend, Ted. He sits beside me in the black suit with his blond hair parted neatly to one side.
Captain Andy's Rafting was our next adventure. We were going to do a Catamaran but the adventurous side of us decided to do the Navy Seal Speed Raft route. Mike was very nervous and took plenty of Dramamine, I on the other hand figured that I was quite alright. That decision just about came to bite me in the butt later. Depending on the conditions determines how far you can go up on the coast. It wasn't windy at all in the beginning so we rafted on up, stopped a few times to shake our arms (you literally hold on for dear life...and it's a 6 hour adventure!), look at dolphins and sea turtles, and speed on some more. He took us into some caves and showed us many of the small beaches that are only accessible by foot. If fact one of the beaches is where they filmed part of the last Pirates of the Caribbean (I was a year too late at meeting my celebrity crush Johnny). We were about to the top of the Napali Coast when I was getting super seasick. Fortunately for me the man on the other side really did lose it and took all the attention off of me so I could quickly gag a Dramamine down my throat. Then his son was freaking out and crying so our guide decided to make this the turn around point. He led us to a beach where we went on a small hike, ate lunch, and attempted to snorkel (it was so windy that you couldn't see anything). Mike did find a sea turtle that he stalked and swam with. The reminder of the boat ride back took much longer because of the wind, but we finally made it. This was definitely worth doing, but I would take about 4 Dramamine before, and next time we'll do the Catamaran where we can relax! By the time we got back to our hotel and changed we had to leave for our dinner reservations at Tide Pools which was located in the Hyatt. This hotel was unbelievable. So beautiful, and a place we will probably never be able to afford :) Our dinner was amazing!
And all that posting?
"The high priests brought many charges against him Pilatus again questioned him, saying, "Have you no answers? Look how much you are accused of." But Jesus still said nothing.
one of our favorite michael keaton movies
And then I had to go, out the door, mind in turmoil. Why had I put a smart-arse remark on it? I never do that. Why had I not double-checked before I hit send? I always do that.
4) The settings in this book came to life. I loved the party scenes and dance scenes and traffic scenes. I felt like I was right there with Perry and Gobija as they sped around the city, getting into every bit of trouble they could.
"When I got to the car, I found that it had rubber bullet marks and when I tried to ask them who had damaged my car, they started assaulting me."
I tried to watch two points at once, the counter top where the towel had been and the floor where the towel was now. Neither revealed a crawly creature. I even quickly eyeballed the air freshener to see if it was giving refuge to the enemy. Nothing there either, so I knew that he must still be lurking in the folds of the towel.
Sure, Charlie couldn't resist trying to win Alices' collection of skulls (including one from a goat). But he can't knit! And what if the guys on his hockey team find out?
At the core of your heart is your True Self, the spark of Love and Light. It is your true identity of who you really are at the deepest level of being, beyond all boundaries of space and time.
and I see the people around me
Lesson: You dont always know your audience as well as you think you do. What matters isnt intent, but performance. Its absolutely important to put thought into your content, designs, campaigns, and other website aspects. But its equally important to follow up and find out where you were on the mark, and where you had room for improvement. Analytics can give you the information you need about traffic, links, bounce rates, social sharing and more. Move forward with your site making informed choices, not speculative ones.
Nothing good, that's for sure.
Elizabeth Bishop, from a letter to anthologist John Frederick Nims, written on the last day of her life, October 6, 1979:
DRAW will be hosting a booth at Pit Bulls On Parade, 8/21/10 from 10-3 at Reber Ranch in Kent. This was a fantastic event last year with a huge turn out and many Pit Bulls received their GCGs! The vendors were top notch and there were simply too many cute, well behaved dogs to count. Ive been looking forward to this event all year. Pokey will also be making an appearance at this event and maybe we can find her forever home this summer!
Bewitching Book Tours is scheduling book tours, promotion and reviews for Crushing Hearts and Black Butterfly Publishing.
You just sit there staring at that big magnificent chandelier, its crystals still sparkling in the darkness, and you can't help but imagine a Beverly that you never knew, a long, long time ago.
What do you think about Ron Pauls campaign so far?
If you're reading this, let me know what you would like done with your journal Michael.
Open for only about a week, PBR is a must ride for anyone who likes downhill serpentine turns littered with jumps for nearly two exceptional miles. Its like luging on two wheels, but with soft, powdery dirt awaiting any error in judgment instead of hard ice and guard rails.
This is pretty comprehensive and can get me out of most scrapes.
I know what a messenger bag is. This wasnt a messenger bag.
we were out of pop-tarts.
soldiers, and those who continue to risk their lives so that we may be free.
"Mad Made Monster" is a far-fetched tale of mad science of supercharging the naturally occuring electrical systems of the human body with high voltage in ways that Baron Frankenstein wouldn't have imagined in his wildest dreams. You'll barely have time to digest the pseudo-scientific whackiness because the film moves so fast.
Gatlin too showed a penchant for fast 4x4 splits when he was at Tennessee. Often turning in low 44 second relay legs. While he hasn't been injured since 2003, time away from the sprints can have the same sort of effect as far as taking away from one's quickness. So potentially we're looking at Gatlin coming back and NOT being a 9.77 sprinter. Perhaps more of a high 9.8x to low 9.9x sprinter.
On both sides of the debate, people have said the battle between the press and the ruling party speaks to the fact that this country, less than two decades after the fall of apartheid, is still figuring out just how to get democracy right.
At several of my news sources recently, there were stories/reports on the poor weather conditions of the past Summer season -- mostly the extreme heat/lack of rain -- causing a MAJOR shortage in this years peanut crop. Peanut farmers are reporting up to 70% or more of this years harvest will never make it out of the fields. The peanuts are DOA.
Riddle Answer: A towel.
A 2009 Pew survey found that 63 percent of Americans believed government should take care of those who cannot take care of themselves. But that number fell to 48 percent when people were asked whether government should help the needy even if it increases the debt. Nearly two in three Democrats, 43 percent of independents and 29 percent of Republicans agreed with that statement.
Welcome to Biddeford.
to get there
I am so jealous. Tonight at midnight the much anticipated 3rd installment of the Twilight series hits the big screen. I wish my hubby wasn't on the damn night shift so we could see Eclipse. Instead he is slaving away at the jail as what I like to call an overpaid babysitter. I guess Bella, Edward, and Jacob will have to wait until tomorrow.
To heal, to minister,
It is with a grateful heart that Ive received the following testimony. From talking to those who have come out of Law-keeping sects, I understand that it can be a difficult thing to write about the experience. Many thanks to GirlLuvs2Read for the following.
Since starting my walk with Jesus, whether spiritually or physically (or both), I know that I cant exactly stop and expect to continue the same level of relationship as when I walk with Him daily. Wait, back up Im not saying that I want to stop. Lets make sure thats not what Im implying. Im just saying that now that Ive started this walk with Him, there is no stopping. I cant imagine my day without that deliberate time to spend with Him. Who would I give my troubles to? How would I get through the rest of the teenage years with my daughter without His guidance? Who would comfort my heart when its hurting? Who else would listen to my incessant rambling without interrupting and just let me get it all out and still be there waiting for me every day to do it all over again?
Those who would control you encourage that line of thought as that is precisely what they are attempting to achieve  the worst (as you see it)  because they believe it strengthens their influence over you. It seems to you that there is little you can do individually to change things for the better and so you allow doubt, depression, and basically negative judgments and attitudes to occupy your minds. Doing this is giving away your power!  giving it away to those who claim to know what is best for you, and who create situations to encourage you to believe that this is so. And those attitudes encourage those with whom you interact to do the same.
Dull, bull, and George ate late.
*considers asking Wiki founder for royalties for all the traffic she sends that way*
Blackie Jr. cries, and Ruby runs her hand over his peach fuzz hair. I was waitin for a call. When the phone rang, I got distracted. But I thought it was a deer. Honest, officer.
11) Vegetable oil, 2 table spoon
Then with summer on my mind, I had a browse through the swimwear as I have officially decided it is high time I introduced more one pieces into my swimwear collection in the absence of an Elle McPherson bikini bod and naturally a striped bandeau style caught my eye. Now you don't need to be a stylist to know that an apple body shape like myself should never wear a stripey swimsuit and if you came to me for style advice, as many of you have, I would not be pointing you in the direction of this candy coloured beauty, but you know I am a sucker for stripes and the cut out detail on the back is so cute, disregarding any weirdo tan lines you may get whilst sunning yourself in it, but what the heck, it will probably be returned but it does have body shaper tummy control so that will help right?
Judge Reinhold (Zandalee)
LOVE hubby but he certainly does need all the help he can get with gift purchasing. I know in years to come it will only get easier as the little boys grow up and remind him it's my birthday soon or Mother's day is on the horizon.
Me (having arrived by this time): "Wow, that is a shark! That's pretty cool!
Its Sunday afternoon. Youre sitting down at the kitchen table, coffee at your side, clippers in hand. In front of you rests 20 coupon circulars, waiting patiently for you to begin slicing and dicing. How in the good name of Bea Arthur do you approach this? By following these simple rules:
On about the fourth day of Basic, we took our first physical fitness test. In the Army, a PT test consists of two minutes of push-ups (do as many as you can), two minutes of sit-ups (do as many as you can without shaking, groaning solicitously, or vomiting on your partner), and a two-mile timed run. For each event, you get a scaled score with a maximum of score of 100. For example, at my age then, I needed to do 87 push-ups, 92 sit-ups, and a 12:18 run to max my score. Now, for the first test they really just want to establish a baseline, so they make you do the two minutes for the push-ups and sit-ups, but only make you do a one mile run.
MR. AZCUNA:
My Business  The Pharmacy
Maria was twelve now and had been keeping watch like this on the beach next to her home since she was five. She grew with a knowledge and respect for the sea instilled in all children on the island. They knew its power and marveled at its beauty. It was a playground to them on the hot clear days and a monster when the sky turned dark and grey, but none of the other children shared the same kind of fascination for it as Maria did. She shared a special connection with the sea, a secret kept between the two of them. On a night such as this, many years ago when Maria was a little girl she saw something she would never forget and would always search for from that day forth whenever the skies were clear and the moon was full and the waves were strong. It was when she was only five years old that Maria saw it.
So, why is it that the humidity is 9,000,000,000 % higher in the metro?
I don't know about all that, but I do know that Sadie left this by her bed on the night of her first loss.
She rhythmically knocked down the cobwebs, and
- pumpkin pie
I listened as Mrs Sulis seemed to put her hand over the receiver and command something of someone. I faintly heard the stomp of a foot and the screaming of a girl in the background. Apparently Veronica was not so happy after all.
I've (fingers crossed) got a place to stay in denton for next semester so no more commuting=more time for blogging, I've been modifying some vintage/using the crap out of my sewing machine and I got some mad good shoe steals at platos closet so as soon as I figure out this stupid stupid fart brained computer problem I'ma have so much to post!!! Other good things in my life include a pretty boy, great friends, an exciting semester about to start and the complete reorganization and purification of my room. Things are pretty peachy for me right now! I almost can't enjoy it because I'm just waiting for something to go wrong!
I researched on-line and found the name of the family that lived at the address. Mr Xxxxxxxx was married to Miss Xxxxx - the same maiden name as my mothers....
As a society, we have become so dependent on material things for our happiness that our lives would become completely disrupted without them. When things are on shaky ground, we pray to God to protect what we have. We reach out to God and expect Him to keep things as they are or fix them and make everything all right. God becomes our plumber who's supposed to fix things when they go wrong. This need-based spirituality is all right, but it's a bit superficial.
In recent years it has become fashionable to think that the period of economic and productive ascendancy of the rich countries  chiefly consisting of western Europe, north America and Japan  is finished as more of the worlds manufacturing momentum switches to China and other fast growing nations. This view is nonsense.
Happily there are more markets coming up soon - we have Newmarket and Rye next Saturday (Feb 20), and then the next Seacoast Eat Local market in Rollinsford (Feb 27). The winter markets really have been amazing this year - so well attended, so happy, and so great for continued access to local foods. All good!!
The first half of this episode is very funny, informative too, but Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert together are a blast. Stacy cites lots of important economic and geopolitical headlines, then she gives her opinion and Max does it too, in a very honest way, I must say. The second half of this episode you should watch. I am appalled about the cruelty committed against animals by several corporations who only care about profit, with no morals at all.
The only restriction is that you only enter 3 times in total, all other entries after that will be deleted and the earlier ones may be forfeited.
You say 'there's no sex in the bible, that's a sin and therefore shouldn't be there. Also, you're going to hell for talking about it, and because you touch yourself at night.' Well, that's wrong- I touch myself all throughout the day. And if I went to church, I would probably be touching myself there too.
Craftilicious x
On the back side I decided to just do a solid and went for a sort of ombre effect. After I sew the button back on, I'll take some pictures of the backside.
My original Horde guild on Runetotem imploded on itself when WotLK came out. The story behind the eventual fallout is a long and painful one; its one Im not about to indulge in right now. When I started writing the recruitment post for the new guild, built from the remains of our core raiding team, I was brutally honest with myself and anyone who wanted to read it. I didnt pretty it up with alluring quips that promised riches and loot, adventure and fame.
Anyway, please forgive me for my lack of exciting projects over the past few months and bear with me over the unexpected upcoming months. While I do feel ambitious this week I can't promise I'll feel the same way next week. Fair enough?
Dies: JustRite Custom Nested Sentiment Dies, Spellbinders Labels 6, Pinking Circles
Tell yourself something bad and youll believe it, shed say, but it was true, Laura had a terrible memory for dates especially, history therefore being her worst subject, which made Mrs Davis warm to her even less.
Not even us.
I had planned on wearing the skirt-- but my sister didn't like it...
I am unsure if the market could bear me doing both under the same name.
Has no business, being there
The female body is complicated and mysterious, and this is especially true when it comes to sex and orgasm. Many women dont understand their anatomy or sexual response, so its no surprise that men are even more baffled about what makes a woman tick sexually. And, thanks to myths and urban legends, misinformation only further complicates a mans understanding of the female body.
Then Abimelech went to Thebez, and he camped against Thebez and captured it. But there was a strong tower in the center of the city, and all the men and women with all the leaders of the city fled there and shut themselves in; and they went up on the roof of the tower. So Abimelech came to the tower and fought against it, and approached the entrance of the tower to burn it with fire. But a certain woman threw an upper millstone on Abimelech's head, crushing his skull. Then he called quickly to the young man, his armor bearer, and said to him, "Draw your sword and kill me, so that it will not be said of me, 'A woman slew him.'" So the young man pierced him through, and he died. When the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, each departed to his home. Thus God repaid the wickedness of Abimelech, which he had done to his father in killing his seventy brothers. Also God returned all the wickedness of the men of Shechem on their heads, and the curse of Jotham the son of Jerubbaal came upon them.
"And with victory, as it had always come to Americans after a war, came the determination to force their will on the enemy, to punish them for the crime of aggression, for starting the war. If the fighting, with its resultant death and destruction, its loss of American lives, resulted only in the return of the status quo, then almost all Americans would feel cheated."
Its latest market is Florida, home to a lot of transplanted New Yorkers.
Or you can get a contemporary combination of roasted and diced pineapple jelly with lime zest in a glass. Or you can get the irresistible looking pineapple-flavored bonbons. And, if you want to go all the way with your decadent tendencies, they offer a wine or champagne accompaniment. Genius.
(I cook just pork with water all day on Sat., drain at night put in fridge; then on Sunday before church I add all sauce and shred it and its done when I get home)
In medium saucepan combine cornmeal, water and milk. Whisk together continuously while bringing to a simmer. Add a generous amount of salt, cover and let cook for about 15-20 minutes or until the cornmeal becomes thick, the liquid is all absorbed and the cornmeal is tender, whisking occasionally. Once cooked stir in the butter, check for seasoning and add more salt if needed. Pour into a buttered 88 pan and cover with plastic wrap (to avoid a crust from forming on top). Cool completely and refridgerate for at least 2 hours, or up to 24.
what I love about the size of it, is that it fits you.
For your perversity--
Goodread's summary:
I dont have any pictures of my Mum reading, but here she is (second row, first right) in her primary School classroom in the 1920s. Reading doesnt look nearly as much fun in this formally posed picture, but my Mum, now aged 90, assures me that it was. She first heard her favourite, The Wind in the Willows, read aloud by her teacher, in chapters at the end of the day, instilling in Mum a lifelong love of good stories. Mum is an avid reader of fiction and poetry to this day, and reads far faster than I ever can. I asked her what her other stories she enjoyed when she was a youngster. 'Martin Rattler, the Adventures of a Boy in the Forests of Brazil', by R.M. Ballantyne, was top of the list and she loved the Grimms and Hans Christian Anderson stories, which she would read by the light of a Tilley Lamp in bed.
Tomorrow is the first of May. Protomayia, we call it. In Greece, its a sort of Labor Dayfamilies picnic, children fly kites and pick flowers to make wreaths. Its the start of spring and a day to celebrate nature. At home, the moms used to bring the kids together and wed fly kites in the park or at the beach or sometimes in the church parking lot before or after or maybe in lieu of Greek School.
Elder Bateman here but what do you know! One of the Assistants who just
Traditional Jewish practice requires that the Torah - the Five Books of Moses - be read in public not only on Sabbaths and holidays, but on Mondays and Thursdays as well. To make this task manageable, the Scripture is broken up into fifty-four portions, one for each week of the year. (Thatd be by the Hebrew calendar, of course). The Monday-Thursday readings are abbreviated versions of the ones that take place on Saturdays... a sort of teaser.
1 sections
CIRCLE BREWING COMPANY Special TBA Beer
1. Two and a Half Men feels lazy and bored with itself, wandering off into a spinoff show about Kutcher and Winkleman with Cryer and Jake slowly fading away  just like the laughs on this popular yet uninspired sitcom.
Arise, go into Damascus, and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.
"Nope, Mitchell. Can't be mine. I don't have a cellphone case."
I am the sort who loves both giving and receiving surprises.however small they may be. So had been preparing for the day excitedlyalmost feverishly, for the entire month.
However he felt, he was opening up. She found another question easily. "How many Gifted does Tendullor have?"
What I do know is that the guy at the hobby shop was pretty stoked. He gave us fifty bucks for the final mementos of Jeffs youth. Hopefully the toys will find a good home and spark the imagination of some young kid. And for you enthusiasts out there; dont worry. They were 1990s replica Star Wars toys. Not the originals from the 1970s. Im not that hasty.
mimics something
So now what?
at the moment
The other aspect of mind is of course the Past Lives that we have enjoyed (in linear time). Sorry ! That we are enjoying right now ! (in the Universal moment of Now).
- is about art, art is about describing the world and art is about the maker
I lightly rubbed the birds with Distress Inks.
But what they really have in common is the originality
Researchers found the ban, introduced almost six years ago, has led to a drop in the number of babies being born before they reach full term.
Now from the side of the audience, the citizens who witnessed the scripted drama a few questions stand uncleared. Usually the hounding media sleuths takes care of these issues. But since they suffered from a rare version of amnesia and forgot to swoop down on the issue and grant any kind of coverage to the same, the audience stands lost.
4) Don't take it out on your server if your food is cooked wrong.
Now, someone could read this list and say these things happen to babies born in a textbook position all the time. Or maybe wonder why it even matters to me.
Those of you, who have come to give your life to Jesus tonight, let me hear you shout halleluiah! I am rejoicing with you because from now on by the special grace of God I will be praying for you. So I am going to need your name, your address and your prayer, the counselor will give you a card, please fill the card at
For lunch, we ate at a place called The Ruins. It's an all-you-can-eat buffet of Jamaican and Chinese food that sits on a natural waterfall. The food was so delicious! It was storming when we got there so we had to wait it out before we could go to the falls.
With the award, Ive been asked to A) share with you something Ive been up to lately and then B) nominate six other blogs for this award. So here we go.
One day I was skyping with Dad about my struggles with the conflicts between Australian and American culture. I was sharing with him that I doubt that Ill ever feel like I belong here. But I also felt like I dont belong back in Australia either. I am now a mix of cultures and I dont belong to a place or a people.
There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe. He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light. That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world. He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. He came unto his own, and his own received him not. But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name: Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
Kim Hyun-sung (Jang Hyun-sung), a hard-boiled fund manager, spends an evening of heavy drinking with his co-workers at a restaurant. A colleague shows up with some airsoft rifles, and soon all of them are pointing their weapons every which way and firing them in the busy restaurant. The server asks the guests to put the firearms away, and Hyun-sung ends up getting into a brawl with the waiter. The next day, following a probe into the companys financial dealings and the suicide of one of his associates, Kim flees to the wooded retreat of one of his friends, hoping to recover his equilibrium. Instead, his buddy convinces him to take part in a war game with some friends. This vigorous if not wholly original exploration of the ruthlessness of business culture firmly embraces the dogme esthetic, the camera crew and boom mike being plainly visible in one restaurant scene. (6/10)
Whats your favourite smell word?
Is this just me and my dysfunctional children? Is it sugar? Lack of sleep?
We were sitting out in the garden of the wedding venue gazing up at the sky and getting frustrated at the security light that kept going off and coming on every few minutes if we sat too still and then made a sudden movement. Some shooting stars were making an appearance every few minutes and all in all, it was a thoroughly pleasant evening.
Heat broiler, with rack set 4 inches from heat. In a medium bowl, combine salmon, lemon juice, salt and pepper; mix gently.
Stuff that creates and gives more power to more 'rats (FCC, Czars, Comittees, etc.). The power to tell us Americans (and American businesses) what we can and cannot say, or do without representation.
For the most part, childrens devotions remove a particular story of the from its redemptive-historical setting. This simply means that two things are being neglected: 1) the storys original place along the timeline of history in Gods dealings with Israel, and 2) how the story testifies to the person and work of Jesus Christ, who is the fulfillment of all Gods dealings with Israel. You might respond, Kids cant understand this theology! But they can understand they arent supposed to lie! I disagree. Kids are captivated by good stories, and good theology tells the best story.
I guess I have a thing for ferns since I have three fern prints hanging above the couch. That reminds me....I need to plant a few more this spring. I like to clip the stems and use them in flower arrangements or pop them in a little vase by themselves.
A week in review a great Canadian game has infected the charts of the mother land I mean the UK showing Canadian ingenuity and the power of a strong plot, disturbing yet enjoyable game play mechanics and a chilling backdrop of New York City.
Wednesday: Shepherds pie
After thinking about this for a while, I came up with these suggestions to help beat the stress of feeling like you just can't do everything and make everyone happy.
Economic globalization has become a war against nature and the poor says Dr. Vandana Shiva.
Barista steams the milk in a way that produces extra foam. Half the drink becomes steamed milk and half of it is milk foam, which is delicious. Wet cappuccinos will have more milk than foam and dry cappuccinos will be mostly foam. The foam to milk ratio can be felt by the weight of the cup with dry cappuccinos being extremely light.
This is worth "thinking about", but I don't believe one has to think too hard to come to the "right" conclusion - it's almost unbelievable (scary, would be more appropriate) that this could happen!!
For example, I have an idea to make an app for the Texas State Writing Center. Im still in the conceptual stage at this time because there is a lot of prewriting I have to do. I have to design all of the screens and what the content of each screen will entail.
Forgiveness is so far away
4. Deceivers
Cold Gin
John Obi Mikel was lucky to escape a red shortly after the restart after he caught Cheik Tiote with an elbow in an aerial challenge that left the Newcastle man needing lengthy treatment before he was stretchered off.
phone: 703-535-6862
I'm sorry but there is really something wrong if you think you need to have plastic surgery before your wedding, unless of course you were in a horrible disfiguring accident.
She's proven herself to be adaptable.
Prohibition on Multiple Sales of Rifles Reporting Requirement. Preventing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives from requiring licensed firearms dealers in four border States to report information on the sale of multiple rifles or shotguns to the same person would hamper efforts to address the problem of illegal gun trafficking along the Southwest Border and in Mexico.This reporting requirement is of dubious legality and even more dubious utility in stopping firearms trafficking to the narco-terrorists in Mexico. That the Obama Administration would single it out for special mention speaks to their true intentions regarding firearms.
2 tsp grated lemon zest
Im no psychologist, but I can definitely see many Freudians reading into this statement. Just stop right there. Im a Jungian and believe very little of what Freud wrote and if you keep reading youll see this extends far beyond this water-land aspect.
I had a c-section and as they were taking my baby Patrick said, The baby has tons of dark hair.
In the first few pages of the book, you learn that in 2007-2008, Schultz wrestled with the notion that Starbucks had gone away from its original vision. In an effort to sustain growth and please Wall Street, Schultz felt Starbucks had made decisions that were counter to the culture they had built upon. Some examples:
By this time I was in pain from my stomach and could hardly walk the last few steps to the entrance of the building. When I got inside the door, I found an empty chair and sat down.
Plus there is a quality of deep and peaty footballing obsession t hat extends right to the ends of his frazzled bouffant.
These were added to my already considerable list of Kernel 'wows' which include the Coffee IPA, the original Black IPA, Imperial Brown Stout, something that was loaded with Galaxy and blew my face apart, Citra IPA, Imperial Stout, and S.C.A.N.S IPA.
Im wearing your favorite skirt!
Good luck to anyone who enters. The deadline is a month earlier than previous years - it's May 31st. Details here.
This ghost story set in the arctic circle in winter is eerie and chilling, capturing well the unnatural sense of being alone and in the dark for a long stretch of time.
Needless to say, having a business reporter for a girlfriend has its privileges.
I still loved the seam lines, though, and I had already gone to all the trouble to trace the darn thing, so I decided to do a little experiment. I cut off the tops of the center front, side front, and side back pattern pieces, and moved them all in toward the center by 1 whole inch.
So whats Matt Haig got to offer?
Some of you may know Ive been digesting a very popular book called Crazy Love by Francis Chan. At present, Im midway through the work and the concept of true love slapped me right in the face. Up until this point, Ive pondered a lot about my past and how I look at God as Father. Ive questioned my motives for faith, but for the first time, probably ever, I have to take an ugly, in-your-face, up close, personal look at L-O-V-E. Its not what I thought it was.
Deadline: April 20th, 2012
Ice cream and must-see TV "My husband and I have a ritual: Wednesday is TV and ice-cream night. We make an evening run to Dairy Queen, then I kick back to watch The West Wing with my hot fudge M & M-topped sundae." Andrea M., mother of Joel, 5 months, Martinsburg, W.Va.
Two days in a row! Will it never end?!
Writers write.
When you see an introvert reading, sitting alone, dont assume that they are lonely and want to be interrupted. Respect their space and ask if they are busy before interrupting them. Introverts need to learn that it is okay to say that they are in the middle of something and would rather not socialize. Introverts work out their ideas by thinking inside their heads and they often need to remind extroverts that they are not ignoring them, rather they are silently processing what they just heard. Extroverts are talkers. This is hard and draining for introverts. Introverts need to remember to get alone time after being with a talkative extrovert to recharge and not blame extroverts for their need to talk or take it personally. Both types need to remember that the other type is drained by what energizes them. The world is filled with introverts and extroverts and we need to be more understanding and accepting of
Planks or drywall? What would you choose?
The ocean waves sweep even doves
Gods opulence is held in trust for those
Crossville  Site of WWII German / Italian prison camp is renovated; completed barracks and behind the camp in the woods is a training facility with high tight ropes and a rappelling deck.
So obviously i went for the red and green theme with snowflakes!! hehe!
and few rules and the ones there are
An unfinished essay or a join of the dots?
in this box of goodies? A full PSA Essentials Stamping set, Ribbon Ribbon and
(click graphic 45 header above to see their blog & all the finalists)
My younger brother is getting married and I am thinking this is going to have to be part of his gift!
21) Cincinnati Bengals: OT/OG Cordy Glenn
No, you did not just have a small stroke. Me. The league is short on coaches so... yeah. I know. You're processing. Me too. It's a lot of information. Sit down. Get a drink if you need to. I certainly did.
My first taste of a beer from Greece, and it was as expected. It is your typical green bottled Euro Lager. Drinkability is not bad, it is very light with a low ABV so it could replace Stella or Miller Lite or Bud Light. Although I have never seen this beer at a bar or anywhere else, I highly doubt any of my buddies who like this style of beer would choose it over any other.
Law of Peace, Joy
Now for our review!
Sidewalk chalk.
Audit your time. Overworked people often fail. Disciple requires that you learn to say no, delegate or ignore certain requests otherwise interruptions prevail and derail your progress.
I was glad to have an excuse to bring out the Vagabond I bought a little while ago. (It's a motorised die-cutter, see the YouTube video here). My friend had a good idea of what she wanted and we made a quick dash to the wedding stationery shop in the nick of time before it closed.
Staying with CO2 and a military look. Popular Tippmann products include the paintball fields in minnesota with many replica looks and feel. You can get pretty beat while you're learning to run, jump, and roll with it 50+ percent of the paintball fields in minnesota as soon as it may seem comparable to the paintball fields in minnesota may moreover end up getting pretty committed to be completely happy. The law enforcement would likely make use of the paintball fields in minnesota of the paintball fields in minnesota to the paintball fields in minnesota of the paintball fields in minnesota in this economy. This paintball store also has fields and wood play. The person interviewed told me the paintball fields in minnesota on which one to purchase. The following 5 considerations may help make this task less painful and much more concerned that every box has well-rounded, uniform paintballs. A harness or pack could be utilized to keep playing. If there are several main features and easy to maintain and super sturdy. They're also light and fast enough to compete with the paintball fields in minnesota a single-shot at a time type of paintball were played.
The last menu lets you save your creation, share it on Facebook or Twitter, delete it, or go back.
1.) Tell us a little bit about your background.
We appreciated your video a lot because it answered a purchasing decision question for us "visually"...and a picture is worth 1,000 words!!! We already knew we wanted to purchase a FURminator for our 2 large dogs (lab/retriever mix) based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews we had read, including yours, but we were still debating on whether or not to get the model with the FURejector. In your video it is clear how easily and effectively this feature "ejects" the fur from the brush - in fact we can even hear a distinct click sound when you press the release button and then see how all the bunched fur is free to drop in the trash. Looks worth it to us so we'll be ordering the exact model you used in your video (same size, too). Thanks for the help with our decision!
"I can't accept I'm about to acquaint you what I'm about to acquaint you. I don't accept a bike."
Youve gotta like that, youve gotta be this, youve gotta look like that  or you're a nothing?!
Beguiling and charming, sweet and fun; TinkerBell and the Great Fairy Rescue shakes off the recent film animation trends to appeal to a wide range of audiences through multi layered languaging and gags  instead focusing on being a great childrens film; one strictly made for kids.
Why is that? Sin is always directly against God. GotQuestions.org puts it this way, "God is an eternal and infinite Being (Psalm 90:2). As a result, all sin requires an eternal punishment. Gods holy, perfect, and infinite character has been offended by our sin. Although to our finite minds our sin is limited in time, to Godwho is outside of timethe sin He hates goes on and on. Our sin is eternally before Him and must be eternally punished in order to satisfy His holy justice."
Transfer paper
Well if those are American values you believe in then to reclaim it I guess we know that you, Barry, are going to be getting a pink slip come November as you are antithetically opposed to anything I can even think of an American value.
Answer: The first country to formally recognize the United States of America was Morocco in 1777.
Illustration: Patrick Morgan for the ObserverAbout two years ago, Whistles was invited by the landlords who own most of Covent Garden to look at their plans for the area. At that time, if you lived in London, you wouldnt really go down to Covent Garden: it was old scrappy shops full of tourists and the market didnt quite know what it was doing. But the landlords showed us what they wanted to do: the covered market was going to be for small perfume and jewellery stores; there would be an outer ring of prime real estate for stores like Apple and Burberry; fashion would be down Long Acre. They were going to bring in a big restaurant from New York, Balthazar, and a boutique hotel. They had a brand director whose job was to attract the right mix of brands for the right parts of the scheme. It was an amazing plan.
Thanks so much to Nicole for sending in her layout! Isn't it fabulous. Love the dark blue and green together! You're little guy is adorable! And, love what you did with the WordArt! Great alteration :)
when day turns to night
We were discussing Room by Emma Donoghue, the book I had chosen as the one to start the group with. This was a book which a couple of members would not have bought if they had seen it in a shop but once asked to read it found it compelling and we all found it to be unputdownable. I will be typing up the discussion notes in detail sometime soon and they will be found under my book club section.
TC Sophisticated Cricut cart - 'Mom' @ 1" using the Font2 feature, flower1 @ 1" & 1 1/4" (only used the shift pieces)
Catalog#: 6.26225-02
According to Ozymandias, Bill Foxton had won an award from the SAS:
Astrodeck has a Christmas SALE going on for until the 17th. Get to their online store while you can and score the best traction on the market. Pick up a pair of sandals so your feet are happy for this holiday season while youre at it.
She often attended the Yearly Meeting of Progressive Friends at Longwood, Kennett Square, Pa., a group which combined radical abolitionism with ultraliberal religious ideas, though she never formally joined them, being unwilling to promote another schism in the Society of Friends. But when a group of religious liberals met in Boston on May 30, 1867, to form the Free Religious Association, she was on the platform with Robert Dale Owen, Rabbi Isaac M. Wise, & Ralph Waldo Emerson to address its first session.
In time, no doubt, Sandusky will reveal who that author is. Whatever happens, this project will prove to be a game-changer. It will either prove that the current thinking in publishing strategies for the future of digital publishing remain very shaky works-in-progress, or it will prove to be a blueprint for the industry and set alight the reputations of all who had a hand in it.
11/10/02  Gyeorgos Ceres Hatonn
Theres one thing I am curious about  what does she do with the baby when hes a toddler?
And the guys so do not look like death metal guys. They look much more like Dungeons and Dragons guys.
Hips: 51
This site "IS NOT" a propaganda site for Nick Griffin. This site is for the benefit of the British National Party and all her members. Its also here for race and nation. When the Chairman of the British National Party does well he will get rewarded with good write ups here, likewise when things are not going so well as things are now, then likewise we would like the problems addressed as we are writing about here.
Well, the confirmation showed I would get my order on the 26th. I just figured that the UPS thing was a mistake or maybe they had figured out my physical address. I was wrong. I waited all day yesterday and nothing ever showed up. At about 9 pm last night, we received a phone call from UPS. They wanted to know our house address! So, my mom gave it to them (she was the one who answered the phone) and I figured everything would be ok after all.
Did not want to lose those beautiful sounds, Sangguana tried to recreate the sounds and in
You drill a quarter inch hole in the back
I guess its not really one of these, and especially not some of them. But whatever the reasons may be, tonight Im going to cook another Indonesian meal for four (that is, if my co-resident will join us, as Im going to use some sherry in the ulam, and he has vowed not to drink any alcohol for a year).
Science and technology challenge intellectual property systems, particularly patent laws. New fields such as information technology and genetic engineering force courts to decide how to apply laws made before such technologies were contemplated. As knowledge itself becomes more valuable, people and institutions seek additional protection for control of the knowledge and its profits. At the same time, society has an increasing need for access to some kinds of knowledge and protection from the use of others.
And now, three and a half years late, she's trying desperately to latch back on as an Obama critic!
***If you are a family member or ex-family member and reading this... So sorry I have to close the blog, if you are techy enough to go on the internet and read my blog, ADD FACEBOOK and you can be updated with pictures of Payton on there.
way I have ever drank it. I never liked sweet tea or flavored
Glue your handmade borders in place following the lines of the photo. Pick a journaling square from the cardstock sticker sheet, journal and add in place on the layout. I like to outline this with my black pen for it to stand out a bit better.
1/2 cup unsalted butter at room temperature
As for being a little guy, I think his 4 month check up was after I posted about him turning 4 months, so I probably didn't post his stats. He was only in the 3rd percentile for weight! If you adjust for age (since he should be a month younger) he is 15%, but either way, this guy's little. I am curious to see what his 6 month checkup shows.
See, shes written a Young Adult romance novel. A romance novel where the two leads just happen to be female.
Todays Armchair topic is Who are you, and How do you Armchair?
8. The Shadow Of Your Smile
Knowing Id have a convenient sampling room near the center of reunion activities, I snagged a few odd beers at a huge liquor store called Tipsy's Liquor World near the hotel. Here in quick riff fashion are those beers:
Hope to see you soon!
HER: (looking me over) Then why have you written June 9?
Thursday, 4/12/2012 - I had applied a half day leave from work and managed my way from the office to KL Sentral to catch the coach to the airport. Still with plenty of time at hand and whilst waiting to check-in, I'll get down from scratch - the hassles that I had to go through.
I had my own letter.
The ANC had zero knowledge or experience of government and they stepped in, got rid of everyone that could see what they were doing. The ANC did not get rid of the whites, only because they were so arrogant as to think they could actually run a first world country by themselves. The ANC got rid of the whites, because they realised the experienced whites would see what they were up to and they did not want that obstacle to their theft, fraud and corruption. They needed to get rid of everyone that would or could notice what they were doing on the inside.
On a side note, I live in NH if you couldnt tell from the Blog title. I am getting sick of the snow. My car is stuck in the driveway right now and I cant get it out because its too low. My wife got her Jeep Commander stuck in a snowbank last night on her way home from work at 1am, hence the reason I only got 2 hours of sleep last night. On that note, thats all.. best tip for today.. DONT Play Poker TIRED. Although I did okay, I made some moves that I shouldnt have.
This includes things like:
Marc Garneau shared with me his visual approach to simplifying radicals.
Thick skin and a sense of humor are a must! These guys got a huge kick out of my pink Vera Bradley backpack, matching lanyard and pink phone. They cracked themselves up yelling hey Paul, you got a purse just like that dont you.
what a killer.
I dont know about hippies, but people from my part of the world tougher than you think. We dont get offended that easy. As long as there is a good reason, we dont mind go through a security check or search at the airport. And we rather associate with people who say what they mean than fake hippies who just trying to be politically right.
He danced round her like a madman. Hopping, jumping, the blond curls skipping about his head. Sat on a bale of hay, she laughed with a lovely big grin, a grin reflected in his own face.
It packs not one but two quad-core processors, a sparkling 5-inch touchscreen OLED display, dual analogue stick controls and games that go way beyond what any other portable device is currently capable of.
In the end, we couldnt connect. Not because of different personalities, but because of different visions for our country, Boehner said in a letter to colleagues. He said Mr. Obama  is emphatic that taxes have to be raised and adamant that we cannot make fundamental changes to our entitlement programs.
I also pray that Miss J will be arrested and stopped from the years of drug dealing she has gotten away with, in our hometown. I'm sorry, but I feel like I hate her. I've never met her, I don't know what she looks like, but I hate what she represents. Greed & Evil.
Mix to combine. Serve as a side with fish.
From the Bishops Statement we learn that:
No, you're just both ready, life is ready, - to move to the next stage of your mother-child connection. The energetic cords created at conception begin their obvious dissolution right now. It's necessary, inevitable, desirable... and painful.
My dad sighed before saying, "At least it will be quiet."
66. East of Eden - John Steinbeck
"Where the car is parked"! Oh this reminds me of the time I was shopping at the mall with all the kids about a year ago. We left the mall and walked through the parking lot to our car (at the time I had a green van that didn't lock). I opened the passenger door and threw my purse in the car and started to open the sliding side door. The kids were standing there, looking at me like I was nuts. I snapped at them, "Get in the car! Why are you guys just standing there?" They answered, "This isn't our car, Mom!" I looked in the passenger side where I'd tossed my purse and saw a pack of cigarettes on the seat and some other items that didn't belong to me. Oops. I quickly grabbed my purse, closed the door and hoped and prayed that no one would think I'd just snatched a purse out of someone else's car. Then we very quickly walked down the row to our real car. The kids still haven't let me live that one down.
remember, there is blood in a sister's shoe.
Sir Ralph the Rover tore his hair,
5. Any State whose Government debt exceeds 60% will reduce the debt level by 1/20th of the level above 60% per year.
In one particularly memorable paragraph, the paper describes one couple  70-year-old man, 21-year-old woman  gazing lovingly at each other at the National Registration Dept. He strokes her hair; she strokes his urine bag. Once they leave the building, he gets paid and its Bye Bye Suzie.
Standard MAC plastic casing with 15g of powder containing a latex sponge housed in a separate area underneath powder.
Thank you for HOPPING!!!!
In order to make a minor triad you will play the 1st + 3rd + 5th notes of a minor scale.
3. Make an blogpost on your own blog with an link to this blog.
In the end, a nerve-racking tiebreak was won by Wellington, who will travel to England to participate in the final in Oxford on 27th November.
Oh dear god! Reginald growled through clenched teeth and covered his eyes with his paw.
Phase One of a bear market brings stock prices down sharply. Thats what happened when the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell from 14,164 in October 2007 to 6,440 on March 9, 2009a tumble of 54%.
"With Afghanistan, Iraq, and significant security commitments around the
UPDATED - Official reply by Docrafts so far:-
If ever you need a word of encouragement in return - well, I'm yer girl :)
Did you go in the woods much? asked Chris.
But... as soon as he says it, he starts laughing.
Dear Diary, this blog has returned to basic black . . . I like the way it makes the photos pop. Why I feel the need to post about this I do not know. It's blatantly obvious to anyone who comes visiting!
No, no Freedom for me. Ill take the bonds of a first kiss anytime. YA lit. Sigh.
One of Siegel and Shusters filler panels in Action Comics #6 offers Acquiring Super-Strength advice tailored to 1938 readers content to sit on a couch all day:
And just when you thought it was safe to got out among our meme (French for "the same") participants Mike and Diva have decided to spread the pain and have added Pam and Katherine to our little band of idiots. Gosh they better stop soon. I'm running out of digits to keep track of all of them.
Freshly grated coconut - 4 tsp
To invent the new rhythm of new possibilities.
the balance of my girls' privacy
the master calls and faster we ride
The list of things they told him
The Blessed Guardians especially Guardian Hope, and the Fugleman really annoyed me. And if they didn't I would've been really concerned, because they were written to be despised for their constraints and ulterior motives. Again, I wanted to know more about them, and what their "normal" life would consist of - surely they would have some other attachments, you know, other than being pains in the butt?
Designed by the English Architectural company Grimshaw Architects which also designs many other buildings with the idea of biomimicry in mind. Grimshaw Architects are a great source for research when it comes to the field of biomimicry architecture.
If the Creator was created, then who created the Creators Creator ?
I've posted Pale Blue Dot before, and it's an essay that is worth reading often. I think when the words are juxtaposed with such beautiful visuals, it's incredibly powerful.
Given the impressive nature of the rest of their range, such a message was enough to fully capture my vivid imagination.
Edit: Found some info on Mango powder, seems legit and is available from multiple online spice shops, so if you dont find a Mango-Curry mix you should be able to make your own: Mango powder is made from raw green mangoes that are cut, sun-dried, and pounded into powder.)
learning to say less
Cook the crust empty for around 12-15 minutes, follow instructions on the package.
You see, to a certain category of man that last part strikes them as merely a simple, expected byproduct of life. Its the occasional cracked egg in every few dozen thats just thrown into the trash without a second thought. But to others that last part is not just a byproduct of life, but an important symptom of some deadly, epidemic disease ravaging our collective American psyche. Its the occasional cracked egg thats the catalyst for one of these individuals to lay awake all night thinking about that egg, jump in the car at six AM, still clad in slippers and sleep-wear, and drive down to the supermarket in order to walk through the doors the minute theyre unlocked and refuse to talk to anyone but the manager-not based upon any particular value of the egg, but based solely upon one principle that this man is responsible for selling a bad egg.
No fight
Broken pieces need to be restored
Im sorry? Was I supposed to laugh at that? Was he being sarcastic? Was Shallan being sarcastic? Wh what?
The place I lived has a lot going for it. I met great and interesting friends, and the Columbia Valley is second only to Napa when it comes to wine. But culturally, the Tri Cities, Washington has that built-in problem: there are three of them. Three not-much-happening downtowns to go along with the suburban sprawl, rather than one vibrant urban center for live music, arts, and literary events. As I write this, I can hear the diehard voices saying, If you dont like it, leave.
Life so short, life anyway
Last week marked the usual emotional roller coaster that is Israel every year at this time. Yom HaShoah, remembering the heroes and martyrs of the Holocaust, followed by Yom HaZikaron, honoring our fallen heroes (and martyrs to Arab terrorism), followed by Yom Ha'Atzma'ut, the miracle that was and still is the birth of the State of Israel, after and within all of the chaos. Someone said to me yesterday that the most moving videos on Israeli television happen on Yom HaZikaron, due to the incredible power of the events and people we remember. What follows is a very sensitive struggle with the emotional train wreck of memory and current events by a dear friend of mine. There are only questions...
Strangely enough, Mabry was also used from 1924 to 1935 as a maintenance headquarters for the State Highway Department, and from 1935 to 1952 as the headquarters of the DPS. I dont think Ive ever heard of state services mixing with the military in that way before, even with the National Guard.
Walking into the kitchen, nails nearly to the quick scratched at stubble of chin and cheek. The morning silence replaced by that rough whispering sound. That quiet that used to portent a good day now sounded oppressive. If he hadnt already decided not to wake Donna, he would have slammed cabinet doors and banged pots and pans to extinguish that silence. Instead he remained quiet even though the weight of it progressively grew.
from Gendai no Haiku (Modern Haiku), edited by Shobin Hirai, Kodansha, Tokyo, 1996
The bodies were sent to the local civil hospital for postmortem before being handed over to the Army, Kumar said.
30 rue des Saints-Pers
Our government also seduce its own people to give up their ethnic uniqueness and identity and are encouraged to wallow like swine in this festering mish mash of a violent Multi Culti society.
Blouses are definitely my thing right now - you can dress it up or dress it down! I went for a sheer hidden pocket blouse - in pastel pink (instead of the one in picture) - again in attempt to bring more colour into my life :P I'm sure you could tell I'm more a minimal person when it comes to accessorizing.. a personal goal this year is to accessorize more - starting off this a gorgeous collar necklace piece! I decided to go with black as it would probably go with a lot of things and looked a lot better out of 2 other colours. Now each item was around 3000yen per piece and I could also free shipping, plus 200yen off, I'm paying with COD (cash on delivery).. it's basically hassle free shopping :D (unless you don't have cash at hand LOL). I cannot wait for everything to come!!
Never has it evil seen,
So we were only 4, but we enjoyed the party!
10.) Do you follow up with editors who haven't responded to a submission? How much time do you allow them?
Filled with video, puzzles, community collaboration, and more, "Go BZRK" put YOU the player right in the middle of the action as you join Nexus Humanus and unravel a mystery that may hold the key to the fate of all mankind.
Bradley Headstone, in his decent black coat and waistcoat, and decent
As summarised by Agenda 21
My house was built in 1919 and has a crumbly, dusty, "rustic" limestone basement. About all it's good for is holding the chest freezer, the cat litter boxes, the bins of Christmas decorations and about 15 years worth of accumulated junk and dust and debris.
I have just read and re-read with growing joy a sentence in one of his books describing an important man who has been interrupted in his morning routine by a visit from the police.
So there is this young man called Philip in Act 6 v 1-6 he started as a deacon; to become a deacon, he was already a star; people have sought him out and they found him to be a man of good report; full of holy spirit and faith and then they make him a deacon, very soon he became an evangelist, he kept on rising and rising.
I ordered some extra lean mince, some beef pieces, chicken fillets, boneless pork chops and asked them if they had any SW sausages. They said they didnt have a license (and SW has stopped any new butchers from getting licenses) but the places that had licenses to begin with, have kept them.
An 86 year-old veteran became the victim of a car jacking while at a gas station in February of this year. After the car-jackers broke his leg and sped off, he was forced to crawl on the ground to find help. I noticed when I was crawling to the gas station, people were walking past by me like I wasnt there the man said.
Researching: The origins, development, and role of feudalism in medieval society
Success is failure turned inside out--
less likely to be satisfied after sex-reassignment surgery.
You flew into our hearts as tiny eggs, we watched you grow and mature
If Chennai Live succeeds before the Copyright Board, it will clear the way for other English music radio stations to mount similar challenges against PPL. Since most English music is owned by American companies, it is likely that English music radio stations in India will not have to pay a dime for most of the music that they broadcast.
Because a certain member of our house, the one who cooks all the meals, has gotten all diet happy on us, I have by osmosis, been on his same healthy-eating kick. And I am very excited not only for him, because I know how much this makes him feel better, but also for me. I dont need to lose weight, no. I am one of those people you might hate, who never gains a pound and weighs the same as they did in high school in the 80s (please dont do the math). In addition, Im already mostly vegetarian, seriously hate fast-food, and my only weakness is an occasional bout of chocolate consumption. Whats different though is that things have shifted and there is this lack of muscle tone that is a bit disturbing.
I thought these glasses were cute and reminded me of the fifties, so I tried to keep that theme going in the card. The background paper is called Spiffy. I cut the glasses on my Cameo with a Silhouette Studio file. The background for the glasses and the font were cut with the Nifty Fifties cartridge on my Cricut. I used Glossy Accents on the lenses of the glasses, although it is hard to tell on the picture.
One way not to argue in support of the Kantian transcendental aesthetic is the way Dinesh D'Souza does in What's So Great About Christianity. D'Souza draws an analogy with a tape recorder, which I discuss in this post and will not repeat here. The problem with the analogy, and similar analogies, is that it is undermined by the very transcendental aesthetic it is meant to support. If Kant is right, and we have access to appearances only and not the reality behind appearances, then we have no way of knowing what is really going on with whatever reality is behind the appearance we call "tape recorder." Whatever thing or things out there in reality give rise to the appearance of a tape recorder, we can't know what they are or are not capable of. They may be capable of all sorts of things we can't imagine; including access to reality in ways we cannot imagine.
Todays Stories
Drowning in a desperate love.
First the QPR defender received the 11th red card of his pro career in 1987 after elbowing Ossie Ardiles in the face; he was given a 53-day ban. Then he was handed an ocial warning by QPR after going on holiday to Spain without club approval while recovering from knife wounds received while out one night in Croydon. Having been told he had no more "second chances", he was then sent o for a 12th time in 1988 for spitting at Fulham's Leo Donnellan in a reserve match. Dennis was quietly ooaded to
At our house we've been receiving a plethora of college mail for let's say the past six years with a one year break...However, just a heads up because its a little known fact that there is a severe punishment for your kids doing well on college assessment tests  its called mail overload.
Let's look at a pretty picture for a minute, to calm ourselves--
Other "mini miracles" from this month include:
- Sleeping with Kayleigh (my dog)
As reported by Houston Craft Beer Examiner Brian Carey, Fort Bend Brewing is to be a retooled effort of Jeff King, Ray Self and the former Kreuz Creek Brewing, a craft brewery start-up that failed to materialize as planned in 2011 for undisclosed reasons. The new brewery is to be located in the Sugar Land area and should package beer in kegs, bottles and cans as early as April.
38 which
Living in the country: being a parent: going to the cinema. It's possible to combine any two of these activities but not, I've found, all three. Since my son was born in 2002 I've barely been to the pictures at all, except to take him to see the occasional Pixar movie. But last night he was staying with one of his friends, so Sarah and I ventured down to the Barn cinema at Dartington to watch Monsters, an ambitious low-budget sci-fi road movie by the young British director Gareth Edwards. (In my day, young British directors only did cheesy mockney gangster flicks, so whatever you think of his film you have to admit that ambitious sci-fi road movies are a step in the right direction.)
everyone and wants to be picked up by everyone. This was not meant as a
3. Dont be ashamed or scared to show the world how much you love your other half.
Pork satay albatross embody served influence a pineapple - based satay relish or cucumber relish. An Indonesian recital uses a soy - based plunge.
Typically slots in the wing are for two purposes; aiding or stalling the flow over the wings surface. How the slot creates these two very different effects depends on the slots angle to the wings surface.
A chorus of grumbling mingled in with the squeaking of chairs as more than a dozen men stood up and walked over the body of the man at the bar. They dragged him out the door tossing him into the street. The bartender barked out an order and a young girl in her teens came out of a back room with sawdust and a broom to clean up the blood on the floor.
This is THE HIGH SCHOOL movie of All-Time in my book. I was a Senior in High School when this flick came out and it captured that era perfectly. Due to the influence of Jeff Spicoli, I still use the words Dude, and Awesome, on a daily basis. Who would have ever thought that the unknown kid playing Spicoli.would go on to win Two Oscars for Best Actor.
My daughter is a healthy, happy girl who has hit and exceeded all of her milestones. She is speaking on a kindergarten level and is extremely bright. She amazes me everyday. I have been a preschool teacher. I know you need to look out for warning signs but not being able to put on a backpack correctly, cutting with scissors correctly or being quiet are not always signs of delays. They are things I need to keep a close eye on and practice with her but I feel this is going to the extreme.
Oddly enough, I've always been able to do walking meditation without effort. Exercising in Mindfulness is the term Gen Kelsang Losal used when I told of her of this. This is certainly one of the reasons I find going on walkabout one of the most zen of activities.
The report also showed that rising food prices and malnutrition are putting future global progress on child mortality at risk. This trend is especially alarming in Asia, where more than a third of children are stunted, which account for almost 100 million of the global total. India holds the highest rate of stunting amongst children at a shocking 48 percent.
3 tablespoons hazelnut oil, more as needed
There is no use. Shell make up everything we ask. I have a bad feeling about this. I dont get positive energy from her. Its like shes blessed with evil. said Jin.
At our next meeting there will be ten childrens writers, poets and illustrators, all interested in talking and perhaps doing a number of different events together. Even if it turns out that we do very little together as a group, the benefits will still have been enormous. Weve met, shared experiences, shared our books, exchanged ideas, and perhaps forged a few friendships.
Ancillaries
Churchills Cabinet first discussed immigration on 25th November 1952 when he asked in Cabinet if the Post Office employed large numbers of coloured workers. If so, there was some risk social problems would be created. They were from India, Nigeria, the Gold Coast, Sierra Leone, Uganda, Mauritius, West Indies, Ceylon, British Guiana and Malaya.
VERWEIJ M, VAN DEN HOVEN M. De griepprik in het verpleeghuis. Ethische analyse en aanbevelingen. ISBN 90-72920-18. Centrum voor Bio-ethiek en Gezondheidsrecht, Utrecht, 2001.
Do you use sites like tripadvisor? How much do they make a difference to you? Is it right people who haven't stayed at a BnB/Inn/Hotel can review it on a site that is primarily about accommodation?
I skipped my photography class on Thursday morning and ohh it was glorious. I spent the evening studying for a computer science test that I would allegedly have on Friday, however this event never occurred.
The GrandMothers of Invention are: NAPOLEON MURPHY BROCK (with Mothers of Invention / Frank Zappa from 1974 thru 1984), on vocals, tenor saxophone, flute, suavenicity, and dancing(!) - TOM FOWLER (with Mothers of Invention / Frank Zappa from 1973 thru 1976), on bass, hats, and musical M.D. - DON PRESTON (with Mothers of Invention / Frank Zappa from 1967 thru 1969, 1970, 1971, and 1974 as and vocals. Also featuring the incredible MIROSLAV TADIC on electric guitar, and the masterful CHRISTOPHER GARCIA on drums, percussion, marimba, and vocals.
Brussel Sprouts (Bedford) hardening off in the cold frame. Around 150 plants for the shared plot, possibly a few for the Hort Soc plant sale. Even though they are one of my favourite veg I think 150 may be overdoing it a bit!
2. The Gate to Wonderland (2:13)
You may have noticed one already on yesterday's card, but this time around I have used three and they are the main focus of the design.
When I'm painting, I tend to have one of two things on to keep me company and/or inspire me during the process: music or movies (I include TV shows on DVD), and, more often than not, they don't have any direct connection to what I'm painting. Most of the time I can't remember what I was listening to or watching while painting, but sometimes a memory will become so ingrained that, even a dozen years later, I can still remember that I was watching my DVDs of The X-Files while painting this picture. I can't remember the specific episodes, but it would have been shows during season 1 or 2, and looking at the green of the roof trim brings it all back.
If the man didnt apologize and feel remorse, than maybe it wasnt accidental. Maybe he was dangerous.
So heres what I think about the book:
Not for: Those who are looking for a feel-good book. The stories are mostly tragic and also very true.
And then theres Denise.
As you can see, I had quite a mess because I decided to pull all the yarn out of its nice little roll so that I could cut it off: I do not recommend this! It got all knotted and messy and would be much easier if you just pulled it straight from the little ball of yarn. (See, you can tell Im not a knitter, I dont even know what to call the ball of yarn.)
A good query letter is not difficult to write if you remember to leave out the irrelevant. Over the years, as a literary agent and someone who publishes other authors articles on my websites, Ive seen some serious mistakes in query letters that have made me quickly think otherwise about publishing an authors work. Following are a few tips on what you should and should not include in a query letter.
187Now turn'd to Heav'n, I weep my past offence,
My first words should have been Dianne (sister) is choking me with the dogs collar.
Stay tuned for the interactivity discussion.
It should be remembered that in many countries where Visteon operate, Governments of those countries have in the past given generous grants to assist in the setting up of factories and operations. Visteon have been happy enough to accept these monies but are now walking away whenever they can and without a thought for those employees whose jobs are now lost.
The 295 words and phrases blocked by Chinese Web censors
But I think this reenactment takes the cake. The students were acting out the "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn scene from Gone With the Wind". They interpreted the scene as needing to run out into the hallway, the girl sobbing at the top of her lungs and yelling "Rhett! Rhett!" among other lines and then slamming the door. All is well with that... except that was the very end of the last class... also known as lunchtime. The secretaries were all sitting out there at the large table already eating. God only knows what they thought.
We did get a little bit of snow yesterday, but its already melting today. There is a 40% chance of flurries this afternoon, but I doubt theyll happen. The sky just isnt gray enough.
Not long now til you hear from me again,
See, I always wanted to do it cute. But, the thing is, when you can barely feel your legs, you've been expelling all sorts of fluids out of your body for the last 20 minutes and you're shaking, you can't really hide it. And I couldn't really stay in the bathroom much longer without Dan starting to wonder if the toilet ate me. So I walked out in literal emotional shock and just said "Daaaaaannnn....." and showed him the test. That's literally all I could muster.
He kicks some serious ass AND has a killer smile and sense of humor.
Why did you choose to shoot in Glasgow?
been killed two months earlier as a result of injuries incurred in
the ball of sight that leads that sheds the tears of Christ
The service was great. They had found a really good priest, funny and light, not serious and boring. He had a load of good things to say, and the way he said it meant that you didn't feel you were being reprimanded or you're about to fall asleep. The bride looked absolutely gorgeus! So happy and radiant. And a really stunning dress. The groom looked equally happy and radiant. A match made in heaven!
Hazels looks are well-appreciated by the wealthy, and chubby, Geoffrey Stanhope (Willard Louis). Stanhopes wingman is George, who happens to know (in the biblical sense) Hazels running buddy, Daisy. Despite Hazels protest (I hate men!), she agrees to double-date with Daisy, though that doesnt last long, as George and Daisy happily ditch the new pair and start making out in the back seat of a different car.
Only a year before Barack Obamas election, in perhaps the worst-titled book in recent times, A Bound Man: Why We Are Excited about Obama and Why He Cant Win, conservative African-American intellectual Selby Steele argued that Obama could not win the presidency because he could not serve the aspirations of one race without betraying that of the other. Though the reasons for his victory are very complex, that Obama did win the nations highest office given the countrys racist past indicates that something new is in the air in racialist America.
This may not chime with everyones experience, but Im just reporting what Ive encountered. It seems that regular pubgoing is becoming no longer socially acceptable.
Arthur made sure that I was aware of what he felt was going on between the characters, and, of course, John Dall and I discussed the subtext of our scenes together. We knew that Hitch knew what he was doing and had built sexual ambiguity into his presentation of the material. Jimmy Stewart must have known that the film was based on Leopold and Loeb, but I'm sure he felt that as far as his character was concerned, any implied sexual relationship between his students was strictly their business. Rope posits a classic case of criminal folie a deux, with Brandon (John Dall) as the more dominant partner, but Granger is no mere pawn, and that isnt the way he plays it. After all, it is Philip who is strangling their friend in the opening sequence, not Brandon. Sure, Philip is weak, but that is never synonymous with powerless. Instead Philip uses his weakness to go after what he wants, which is to get caught.
Because I knew there was frustration in the group surrounding this issue, I decided to email the hostess and let her know that I was upset with the situation and that I though she handled it poorly. I emailed her apart from the rest of the group so she would not feel like everyone was ganging up on her.
scooter is back and more needed than ever, at the fabulous new red rattler theatre in marrickville. well be playing on saturday the 16th of may with katalea sweet and pow pow shazaams jazz trio. should be rad! stay tuned for a poster!
However - this is the very poshest Bird on Wheels I've made to date, it's another 5" x 7" canvas as I seem to be going through a phase of making these canvases lately.
Back soon with my first creation xxx
Methods of in vivo diagnosis and therapy and methods of surgery are also excluded from patentability in Europe. For diagnostic and therapeutic inventions it is normally possible to obtain patent protection using other claim types, such as diagnostic or medical use claims. Medical use claims are directed to use of a therapeutic substance in therapy. European practice allows such claims to be additionally limited in many different ways, for example by patient group, dosages, administration schedules or methods of administration, and so a wide range of inventions can be protected. However there are still problematic areas, such as new medical uses of known devices, particularly where an electrical impulse or electromagnetic radiation is delivered (instead of a substance). Other problematic areas are those where the invention is not restricted to use of a specific therapeutic substance or treatment of a specific condition, such as a new delivery system for example. This is because Examiners are reluctant to allow medical use claims which define substances functionally and which are not limited to treatment of a defined specific disease condition.
I was going to ask her to do the clown from "It", but didn't want to seem all pushy..
Green deliveries is not exactly a new thing anymore  sandwiches, markets now can be deliveried by bike, which is great. But Soupcycle comes also with a nice proposition to you: became a soupetarian! With 3 types of soup  vegan, veggie and meaty  you can choose their nexts week soup, some sides (bread, salads) and order it.
* Xylophone: A percussion instrument with wood or metal tubes struck with hammers.
Such dysfunctions become incorporated into the everyday culture of progressive organizations, and as a result, become invisible. As if this weren't enough, people who stay in the progressive movement adapt to these external dysfunctions by internalizing them. One senior organizer told me that he trained young organizers the way he'd been trained; namely, he threw them into tough situations to see if they'd sink or swim.
words; fangless,
The primary industry of the countryside is the growing of food on the open bits, the woody bits on the fringes of the open bits carry wild things that are delicious or colourful, or a nuisance, or all of the above. I am going to have a chat about what I think about the way the countryside goes about its country ways with weapons.
Here it is:
I'll add that the hair on the head of that panicked stewardess Maida should be "smooth and shining like black satin." Such is its sheen that Tweed can't help but notice as he attends to the dying senator.
Say hello goodbye
While he was in hospital, he and Dianah exchanged letters. Thanks to the Estill County Historical & Genealogical Society, I have a copy of two of them:
Once the cake was baked and cooled, I started on the filling. I decided to do a decadent chocolate ganache, so I simply heated some heavy cream and then poured it over my dark chocolate, waited for the heat to melt it, and then stirred it up until the chocolate became smooth and glossy. Once the ganache came to room temperature, I whipped it until it became fluffy and light, and then piped it in between my layers of pink cake.
The shocked crowds tried to escape but there were too many people for all to get out of the way.
And to Bonnie when the doorbell rings as they wait for Abby: Dont get your hopes up. Might be a girl scout.
Quinoa Salad with Cilantro and Cukes
And that is the unwavering, steadfast commitment we have to each other in our community. It is not necessary that we know each other. It is not an absolute that our children share the same condition.
You speak in a language unheard of
Speaking of icky complications, Ben has finally succumbed to the stomach bug and has been doing the required tossing of cookies and running of fever and lying about involved with said bug. I maintain hope that it will yet pass me by. Like many people, I harbor a huge aversion to throwing up. I don't care if I will feel better right after, I don't like the right before or the during. That's a 2/3 majority for dislike.
The fourth song on the album also happens to be the fourth song in a row that sorts of
Isn't she just so much fun??? If you love this image as much as I do check out the whole collection by Elisabeth Bell for SCACD called The Odds & Ends Sampler. This whole set is just tooo adorable!!!
What I realised part way through was that understanding the game improved my chances of getting a good photo through being able to predict a next move. This was handy in many ways, as I could be a bit more selective about the amount of time I spent with my eye to the viewfinder when there was a reasonable game of rugby going on in front of me that I wanted to enjoy by itself. Ive had several internal debates over the years about the experience of photography in situations like this, or on holidays, when the desire to capture an image forever means you might forgo just enjoying that moment for what it is and creating a memory rather than a photo. Ive never come to any conclusions. But Ive not come to regret many times when Ive chosen the experience over the camera either.
As is the way elsewhere, the old world has faded away and were left with a city grappling with its own identity in the new world. Belfast has extra stuff on top of this too coming out into the light after years in the darkness of violence and division. There are still signs of this as we drove through the peace wall gates (that are closed after 11pm on a night) and although we didnt do the tour we saw glimpses of how it used to be and still is in some places.
Its also my prayer that God will always guide me in all my endeavors in life, especially in all the difficult and uncertain times. And I thank Him for the friendships and that comes my way.
Then in verse 18;
Overall, our weekend in Prague was simply amazing, and if you are planning a trip to Europe, make sure to visit this breathtaking city!! :)
I've looked at some of the bourbon message boards, and there is a bit of a kerfuffle about whether or not they are distilling it in Indiana, or just bottling it there. I personally could care less.
I tiptoed out of the party after dessert, and as I rode the subway back to the studio for a late night of work I couldn't help but think back to some of the magical desert dinners P. and I enjoyed with friends and strangers in Joshua Tree. To be honest, when we left the desert I feared we'd never find that same sense of community again, ever, period, end of story. And yet Sunday's dinner in Brooklyn was one of the most magical nights in my adult life, and, for what it's worth, only further proves my hypotheses that any social event in which whiskey sours are served is going to be a wholelotta fun. (Although to be perfectly honest the thought of meeting a bunch of people I only knew via the internet initially made me break out in high school reunion-style social anxiety-induced hives.) It wasn't just a good time; muggles, I was totally blown away and inspired.
The scary wee bollocks' have had a few go's at the big screen. I watched the most recent one last night...'Dead Silence' by James Wan the same fella who introduced us to the dubious pleasures of the Saw franchise! Wan uses those potent plot devices, the ventriloquists dummy(AAAARGH!) and an old nursery rhyme to piece together a gruesome tale of supernatural revenge. Unfortunately the cast are so supernaturally shit that its impossible to care about any of them. The dialogue is dire and cliched.."If you go looking for answers you just might find them!"(???)...."I'm not the same person you knew,a stroke will do that to a man"...No shit!!!
1. Dust the pork strips with the paprika.
1 tablespoon powdered sugar
And every mother's child is gonna spy
Disgraced and destitute, Grace Cheval wants nothing to do with the seductive man who desires her. When Dylan offers her a position as governess to his newfound daughter, she knows his true intentions are dishonorable. Yet she finds this charismatic man hard to resist, and she returns his passionate kisses with a fire that matches his own. Can Dylan dare hope that this proud, spirited beauty will melt the ice around his heart? (amazon)
Mamma, whose house that?
It had become a glimmering girl
MO-03 Russ Carnahan
To be entered to win, please visit Natasha's blog and leave a sweet comment for her. Then come back here and leave a comment below letting me know! Be sure to leave a way to contact you if you win.
tell you?
punkfiction- you attention loving fool. i think we have seen so many photos of your red headed children that they are all embedded in our brains. is it a necessity to change your signature every day to gain attention? does your DH not love you enough? do you enjoy using your children as models? i must ask why they are not on any tlc shows yet. we all know you are rich, as am i, but you do not have to flaunt it, my dear. show some class.
Take benefit of on-line buying to obtain fantastic footwear at reduced costs.
(A boon indeed! 'Twas getting cold
Whether Dad is a duffer or the local club pro, if the man likes his links, he needs something. (Dont buy him golf lessons unless he knows he needs them.) Fortunately, the great thing about golf gifts is the range  not the driving, range, the price range! They start with useful, inexpensive gear like rangefinders and electronic scorecards, going all the way to a golf club set including the best handmade woods or latest high-tech irons.
Norman is keen to encourage debate and involvement from students, recent graduates and, indeed, practitioners and academics. He is also more than happy to give advice on how to construct Freedom of Information Act requests  simply email him from his blog
Pascale and I knew each other a little, I had met Lian a couple of times, Kaiyu was an entirely new acquaintance. He was the one who came out to Pudong Airport for C and I in a taxi when no-one else was around. We talked hesitatingly at first, he uncertain of his English, I uncertain how much he understood or wanted to speak. He sat in the front of the taxi, we were at the back. But I immediately warmed to him: something about his manner, quiet, reticent, but genuine. He took us to the hotel then, once we had settled in came to take us out to an artist friend's studio.
That, to me, is infinitely more heroic and selfless than strutting around Europe at the invitation of a proudly Marxist political party, pretending you're superior because you were punished according to the law for your own free actions - whilst knowing the people you see as dupes or pawns are keeping your family safe as their own lie awake wondering if there will be a phone call or a midnight knock, and just how bad the news will be.
A few years ago at Christmas, my father gifted us with one of those Casio player pianos. I found it here, so you can take a look. Shes been hammering on it since she could reach the keys. Now, at 5, Im determined that she can start lessons as soon as she learns how to play scales. Darned if she hasnt been practicing ALL morning.
The most important aspect of being part of a successful team is to learn the art of working together towards a common goal. A change to the society or a change to the world can never be possible, if we will value our personal goals more than the common goal each human share. Its all about giving something back to the society, by dreaming something together without keeping any self interest.
Absolutely horrendous viewing, and that was only from the limited amount I saw.
Genetically engineered Bt brinjal and the implications for plant biodiversity  revisited, an independent study commissioned by Greenpeace International, finds that brinjal relatives do occur in the regions where cultivation of GE Bt brinjal is proposed, and that GE Bt brinjal may mate with these relatives to spread the GE Bt gene. Spread of the GE Bt gene would have considerable ecological implications, as well as implications for future crop contamination and farmers rights.
This was proving to be slow going and for the impatient one it would be difficult ult. But Paul had just spent over two years doing nothing inCaesarea. Were his steps ordered by the Lord? If they werent he would have reason to question as so many do.
Timboo's has been on this corner since 1969. I think the people inside have been there just as long.
As I drove toward home last week, I feared I had made a wrong turn and somehow ended up in Juarez, Mexico. Lying in the gutter, just across the street from my house, appeared to be a lifeless corpse.
Old man winter has finally stopped by to pay Dallas a visit and I thought itd be a great opportunity to bust out the crock pot and make some chili and cornbread. I absolutely LOVE crock pot recipes because it does all the work for you and makes the house smell SO GOOD you get home from work! And other than baking and shredding the chicken, the most effort I exerted in putting this together was opening a can or bag and dumping it in!
It's been a whirlwind. Our dynamic daughter is an amazing kid, so full of life and joy. She's tireless, except when I am trying to wake her for school in the morning. Ugh.
However, I did find Dave's attitude to be a bit on the harsh side for this interview. So be forewarned. He didn't enter into this with an incredible amount of compassion for families trying to adopt a child. It appeared he aimed the interview at couples who just wanted to adopt to do something "good for the world." He didn't seem to consider the fact that many couples are adopting because of childlessness.
Just this week, an acquaintance of mine passed away due to complications from his long-running battle against multiple myeloma. He was treated at the same out-of-state myeloma clinic at which I was treated. We occasionally ran into each other at the local cancer center where we both received maintenance chemotherapy.
We are going to get some of the best guys to fill out this class and win a lot of games at UGA.
Love you all, and thanks for your support.
Thank God for the Saturated Worship Conference!
Time is running out we have to save the species
http://news.discovery.com/space/earth-like-planet-life.html "Personally, given the ubiquity and propensity of life to flourish wherever it can, I would say that the chances for life on this planet are 100 percent. I have almost no doubt about it," Steven Vogt, professor of astronomy and astrophysics at University of California Santa Cruz, told Discovery News.
D'Lish Original: 11
I dreamt of you with your gentle warm smile as you woke up beside me
The washing machine is fixed now that the blocked spigot is unblocked. A simple thing, and the machine lives to wash another day.
TIP #6 - DRY THE BEANS THOROUGHLY Wet beans = watery casserole = NOT GOOD. Even if you happen to be using frozen green beans, don't skip this step, it makes all the difference. Arrange the beans in a single layer on a double layer of paper towels.
Victoria is notable for the strong culture of rights that it has built and enshrined in law  the North Melbourne Legal Service makes these rights accessible to all.
Theres not much I can mention about Jules Indiana that he will allow me to write here. Lets just say, he keeps his social life private. We jokingly say that he is the conspiracy theorist in the group. Ive argued with him a countless number of times about writing him in the blog. Actually, Jules doesnt think I should be writing a blog at all. I feel Im pretty careful, and he hasnt had a problem with anything other than the time I wrote about what happen on Buster Flowers boat. Maybe that was stupid.
We would like to put 10,000 copies in the homes of families throughout the UK over the next three years. To do this, we must raise 3,500 now in order to print that quantity of booklets.
I am reading, Half the Sky, and I cannot help but be affected and moved and praying about our role. These are Gods beloved and these precious women and children are my sisters and brothers. It is so hard to engage and yet the stories of hardship are then followed by stories of hope. How can that not be encouraging?
Many years ago I applied for a wine licence. I think wine and books go well together. A lot of the journalists who came in were heavy drinkers. I thought, if they came in with a book, for an extra three pounds they could trade it for a bottle of wine.
i was thinking about a word, and the word full kept coming to me. i was talking it over with meg and she said how about abundance...it does sound better than full. full, such a little word. but i waited. something kept me from writing it.
In the wake of the necklacing of suspected thieves in Khayelitsha, residents say a lack of police response to complaints were to blame for the brutal vigilante violence.
It feels weird to be looking back from a half-century in the future at "modern" art - the non-representation sort of art that has garnered praise and brickbats through the decades. Jasper Johns, the emotional dipper of paints, the platonic ideal of the "modern artist" lies at one end of the spectrum. Rothko is at the other, carefully laying down layers and pulling the colors forward, until they vibrate on the canvas. Rothko is a careful worker, struggling on a set schedule, to create his art. Yet both styles of modern art remain outside the comfort zone of the average art viewer. So the question ends up, what is the purpose of this art?
Unwitting racism can be used to attack the police for being colour-blind in their treatment of crime. This approach, according to some witnesses, is flawed for the following reasons:
A little while ago I had one of the most satisfying Weight Watcher friendly meals I've had in a long time. I don't know if it was because it was so tasty or because I made it from absolute scratch but it was sooo good. Before you ask, yes, I made it from scratch...I even made the pasta.
Dark Chocolate Card Stock, Striped Ribbon and Button Twine - Papertrey Ink
I could see my husband drawing detailed plans before we started an addition to our home. I could remember negotiating with the bank to be sure that we had enough money to complete a project we were beginning. I saw our family sending off our first son to college confident that we had the financial reserve needed to complete his education expenses.
My mother and my friend Karren shares the same birthday, and thank God they celebrated their birthday at different day! Haha. My par Karren celebrated her 18th birthday last March 1. Shes already on her legal age! My friends and I went to Karrens house to celebrate with her. I thought it was just a simple celebration with no cotillion and all. But I was so wrong! And Im just wearing simple shirt (biology shirt to be exact), shorts and slippers! Embarassing!!
Then I came across two single pronged alligator clips with teeth. (They look something like this, and are one of the few types of hair clips that actually stay in Blockette's hair for more than 5 min.) I couldn't remember what I bought them for so I decided to put them to use with those little white flowers.
However I now have the results back from the first 3 exhibitions and I have 26 acceptances with 2 awards including 11 new images, so it appears that I got my sums slightly wrong, in a very nice way.
Happy editing!
Hey God, please could you send someone my way that I know so that i can lend the R20 from, saves me walking all the way home.
Ephraim Pray Joseph Woodward Abraham Man Eliazur Whipple
Kate Headley: I always had a camera growing up and loved taking photos. When I got out of school and got a good job, I was able to buy a better camera and equipment. I loved taking photos of food, flowers and my friends and family, so as my friends started getting married, I would take photos at their weddings. (And I loved that my friends would frame my photos, not their photographers!) I also took some technical photography classes and I decided to just try a few weddings--it was love at first wedding. Im thinking about taking some film classes this summer to improve my skills, I love photography and I want to just keep growing in it.
Yet, if one reads Finnegans Wake and pays attention (not easy) images spring to mind with reckless abandon, but not always the same ones. I seem to remember that a fargobawler is a cargo-hauler, but as for the other two
A bold colour like bright red, blue or green works better than pastel- colours with this technique, , as there is a greater contrast between the colours and the white of the lines , which is the white of the egg-shell.Let the paint dry, then remove the string.
Place Where the Sea Remembers ~ by Sandra Benitez (Mexico)
Its important to discuss your music choices with your groom and your band leader or DJ. You never want to be surprised by a song that you hate or on that reminds you of someone youd rather not think about on your wedding day.
"Don't think it couldn't be you" -- now that Thatcher's been Hollywood-ised, another notch in Meryl Streep's list of accents, it's hard to remember that cold face presiding over Nuremberg-style rallies at Brighton, the faithful baying with ecstasy as she preached her crusade against the poor, the starving, the mentally ill:
I love people and I like making new friends, but the thought of starting over from scratch in Fort Worth is a little overwhelming. After nearly 4 years in Austin we have so many friends, so many acquaintances, and so many recognizable faces and contacts. From babysitters, to our nanny, to our dentist, to our doctors... I don't want to find new ones!
Old names are great. The name, Mabel, made a comeback when used on the TV show, Mad about You. They named their baby Mabel, to the dismay of friends and families. I loved it. My sister and I used to play Ethel and Mabel in the bath tub when we were little. Im not too fond of Gwenyth Paltrow naming her son Moses, even though that is a pretty old name. Baby Moses.Nope, dont like that. Didnt like Apple either. I wonder if she would name her Apple again? If she would have had twins, I would have voted for Apple and Dumplingor Apple and Pie.or Apple and Strudel. I guess I should stop now.
Sub Julio was I born, though it was late,
You know the one? You read a report in the paper about someone dying and one half of your brain thinks: Oh no, that's terrible, while the other half goes: What a moron.
4. TV Series.
Still on crutches and unable to drive, a friend of Lenharts, drove her to a CVS Pharmacy in Oak Cliff.
One of the five girls to have given evidence during the trial at Liverpool Crown Court has said she had sex with Mr Qayyum, who she knew as Tiger. Mr Qayyum has told the jury the girl must have been mistaken and that he was not known as Tiger. He told the court he had worked as a taxi driver before setting up his own breakdown recovery business.
Thanks Mary-Jo for this wonderful opportunity to cased you.
She gave me her loving thanks and expressed full confidence in my lobbying abilities.
An expedient two mega pixel digi-cam can also be offered around the mobile. It can be capable of producing very good top quality nevertheless photos thanks to any pixel solution regarding 1600x 1200, plus involves this option to help capture video of ideal.
Thank goodness the MTA is now being sued by a group of legislators and community groups, challenged because it didnt seek bids or accept bids from others (including not accepting a bid from the community coalition led by Develop Dont Destroy Brooklyn looking to implement the UNITY plan) that would have paid the MTA more for rights to develop in Ratners own back yard than the Ratner firm is itself willing to pay! (See: MTA Sued To Annul Ratner's Sweetheart Atlantic Yards Land Deal, 10.13.09 and Tuesday, October 13, 2009, DDDB, Straphangers Campaign, four elected officials sue MTA, FCR to annul renegotiated Vanderbilt Yard deal.)
Elvira was born Cassandra Peterson on 17 September 1951 in Manhattan, Kansas, and raised in Colorado Springs. She became a Las Vegas showgirl when she was just 17 years old, appearing in Viva Les Girls at the Dunes. She made her TV debut doing a guest appearance on Seymour's Fright Night on KHJ-TV in Los Angeles, featuring Larry Vincent as Seymour, the weekly horror movie host. Ironically, Cassandra would, herself, eventually become a horror movie host on that same station several years after Larry's death, thus getting her start as Elvira.
It's that time of the year again.
I had him go through it to decide what he wanted to keep, and what he wanted to get rid of. I did the same thing with my side of the closet. Though I will admit to purging less, only because I am pregnant and before I got pregnant this time, I still hadn't lost all of the baby weight from the first (they will be 18 months apart). So I'm keeping the majority of my clothing until I return to normal size. I did get rid of several pices
3.) hope to visit my dad and step-mother in Santa Fe, with or without appendages.
The TM and I have spent the last 3 months having stuff done to our house, and Ill be honest with you. As nice as many of the things are, and as necessary as the rest was Im so fucking tired of having people in the house. No offense at all to the contractors who are super nice and very professional, but I just want to sit around the house on my off days without my pants on, and your presence has hindered that a great deal.
(my nickname short for Kylie)
Between checks, I spent the time just looking at her and admiring her and taking in every detail.
This was my ballot (top five in all CAPS):
As those of you who have followed the evolution of my little Etsy fiber shop will know, this is an issue Ive explored and reexplored since even before posting my first skeins of yarn. My recent post on Fehu in the Pagan Blog Project seems to have brought it to the forefront again. In that post, I talked about the fact that many pagans feel reluctant to spend their money on items crafted by strongly Christian artisans. I myself have no issues with doing so, but I respect the fact that many people do.
The town dates back to approximately AD 600, and over the centuries has thrived as an agricultural centre; as the location of Alnwick Castle and home of what were in mediaeval times the most powerful northern barons, the Earls of Northumberland; as a staging post on the Great North Road between Edinburgh and London, and latterly as a modern rural centre cum dormitory town. The fabric of the town centre has changed relatively little and still retains much of its original character; however there has been appreciable growth in size over the last ten years, with a number of housing estates covering what had been pasture, and new factory and trading estate developments along the roads to the south of the town.
With that said, MFT has to be the best company out there to "work" for, and I am so grateful for the last 6 months! It has been a blast creating with their stamps! Hopefully when (if!) things ever slow down, Kim will consider letting me come back! ;) I'm still on the team through the end of January, so I'm not done with them yet! ;)
Schools of social work, and associations of social workers, have a vested interest in making social work sound grand and glorious. Let me put it this way: if you want to get your janitors excited about their job, and if you want to inveigle others into hiring on for the same, you dont dwell upon the part that involves cleaning the toilet. Instead, you characterize it as facilitation of world-class organizational systems within an industry-leading milieu. If you want people to become social work students and then to graduate and become dues-paying members of your social work association, that is, you impress upon them the solemn significance of such affiliations.
If you think neutral fabrics are only for backgrounds and blending, youre in for a pleasant surprise! See what can happen when sophisticated taupes, warm browns, rich creams and contemporary grays take center stage. Add a touch of black for dramatic interest.
- cancerkillingrecipe@wordpress.com
It is not necessary to say that something is disqualified from being a naturalistic explanation if its cause is actually not natural, since in the case of the Big Bang episode one the actual cause may just be God. One is not scientifically committing themselves to God once they admit the Big Bang, first because that is outside of the scope of science in principle, but also because there is an alternative: the Multi-verse. Of course, somebody who believes the Big Bang is a scientific explanation is also not committing themselves to anything like the multi-verse. In fact, there may be good reasons to think that no naturalistic causal account of the universe is even possible (the multi-verse will not even push the issue back a step if one simply means by the universe the whole of nature, and by the big bang some finite beginning to it  and the Borde Guth Vilenkin theorem proves that a multi-verse system requires something like its own big-bang episode). Therefore good explanations, themselves otherwise naturalistic, might commit us philosophically to super-natural causes without committing us scientifically to them. Moreover, science leaves us free to do good philosophy without pretending that science can ever do the job of philosophy, and thus science may license the claim that supernatural causes can be reasonably inferred without science committing itself to such supernatural causes. This is why it is reasonable, for instance, to have arguments over why the universe is intelligible at all and why science works, and to propose God as the best philosophical explanation for the curious usefulness of science. That argument may or may not be good, but it is obviously not for science to decide, but for philosophy. With all this in view, it becomes clear that the Big Bang is closer to implying super-naturalism than Intelligent Design.
The princess is also into helping women prisoners. Thailands most famous, women prisoner, is off course, Da Torpedo, with cancer, serving a long jail term for lese majeste, in what most observers says, is getting little help.
* 1/4 tsp black pepper
Lord
Isnt dont have kids that you cant pay for what conservatives always preach to poor people (while simultaneously supporting restrictions on the availability of contraceptives)?
2. Ordered violent crackdowns on pro-democracy and trade union activists.
I am also excited because Banks has been getting a few of the most adorable outfits...I will have to do a post with some of my favorites so far. Seeing those little clothes and imagining my little boy in them is surreal.
Then came the best part for my inner magpie; the blingification. I already had a tiara, but more hair accessories were added. Then came a whopper neck piece, an upper-arm adornment (not flattering for those of us with bingo wings),
1 theirs
we are shown.
When it was time, I packed everything I needed and headed over to California to get me some of that revenge I was owed.
to be careful cause
- We demand government funding for the expansion of our youth activities, which play a vital role in keeping the younger generation out of trouble, and concentrate their minds on wholesome activities such as rallies, processions, camps, pogroms, etc.
The boomer is motivated by greed, the desire for money, property, and therefore power. James B. Duke was a boomer, if we can extend the definition to include pillage in absentia. He went, or sent, wherever the getting was good, and he got as much as he could take.
I realize now that when Joolie asked me about work and I shrugged it off with a "same old thing, nothing interesting" that I was being a bit too dismissive. Of course interesting stuff happens at work, I guess I just wanted to talk about something else. Sorry Joolie! I'll work on some stories for you.
I got contact lenses shortly after those traumatic years and rarely had to endure the taunts and ridicule of other children whose eyes worked more efficiently than mine.
I will write my next blog post when I hit 10,000, or when I get fed up with trying. I will also still be keeping an eye on you all.
So what, you ask, are some of these awesome and awfully immature methods for bringing myself to giggles? Oh, I am so glad you asked!
Who is a wonderful wife
My sister makes cakes, but I haven't quite asked/convinced her to do it, only because she will be babysitting Brayden and studying for her national boards, so I don't know if she would be up for it. I want to do something either jungle themed, car themed, or of course, there is always farming! As of right now, I am definitely undecided on the cake!
Mention Holland, and Heineken, hash cafes and hookers might be the first words that pop into your head.
and it was totally you, molly.
I used to be really into tarot. I loved reading about them and their meanings and how all of the cards connected into a bigger story. Out of all of the cards, one resonated with me more than the others. And that was the Death card.
Shire Mynydd Gwyn: Mary Verch Thomas
a HUGE family with lots of brother, dees n friend,,,, i myself dnt knw when i hab became a part of such big family..
The meat of the sacrifice may be distributed cooked or uncooked,, but it is preferred that it should be cooked as this leads to greater blessing as mentioned by a group of the scholars.
There was a time when I could quote this entire book by heart. Ill still give it the old college try when challenged, but no promises that Ill make it through the opening lines: I went to sleep with gum in my mouth and now theres gum in my hair and when I got out of bed this morning I tripped on the skateboard and by mistake I dropped my sweater in the sink while the water was running and I could tell it was going to be a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. Weve all been in poor Alexanders shoes. Some days, absolutely nothing goes right. Some days, the only viable option seems to be to escape to Australia. This book is fast-paced, spirited, with a universally recognizable theme for both adults and children.
As I write Prime Minister David Cameron and his gang are trying to push a bill through parliament which could alter irreversibly the way the National Health Service is run in the UK. Words and phrases such as competition, efficiency-saving (namely, cuts), choice, decentralisation of power and other jargon are being used as a carrot to entice practitioners to believe that they're being given more power.
Performed by: Lana Del Rey
Today's post is another installation of my trip to Japan. I'm coming to the end of these posts- I feel quite sad. However, it's nice to relieve these memories, and this particular day was one of my favourites.
HTTP is a request/ response protocol; there is no way around this. Anyone who purports to have found a way around this is stretching the truth somewhat. There is however, a technique that can be used to simulate the server making a connection to the browser and pushing information when it knows a change has been made. This neatly solves the latency problem above.
So I think that there are a lot of well-meaning business people out there who recognize the need to make something happen. But I think that theyve been hesitant to be as straightforward as Id like when it says, this is what a balanced package means. It means that weve got some spending cuts; it means that weve got some increased revenue; and it means that were taking on some of the drivers of our long-term debt and deficits.
But she knew it wasnt the city so much as the energy of the place. Ten million people crammed into jam-packed streets, everyone trying to get somewhere, all of them convinced that their particular mission trumped everyone elses. If her driver worked in another city, say St. Louis or Abilene, she felt certain hed be far less disagreeable. Audrey, on the other hand, just wanted to survive long enough in New York to catch the tail of her dream.
'Don't worry' said spokesperson 'we will *try*you again..'
Last year, Prince Restaurant provided one of the best meals on my trip to Hong Kong - so I was excited to return this year. This time, for dinner, on my second night back!
a few cobblestoned feet away. Unlike many places in North America, to enjoy a delicate cake in an European outdoor yet smoke-free caf, was challenging at times. There, the unholy trinity of smoking, coffee and cake, was harder to break.
Linda - 72
Remove from heat and add butter and vanilla. Mix again.
Back to my question. Why do I say that I don't think I'll see a bankruptcy filing soon? By the way, this is not a statement of fact. Simply a supposition on my part.
What I would like to see happen is to see The Rock win. Now, its just not because of how I feel about the individual performers but for story-line purposes. The Rock said this past Monday that he had to beat Cena to prove that he is the greatest superstar in the history of the WWE. He beat Stone Cold Steve Austin at WrestleMania. He beat Hulk Hogan at WrestleMania, and now he needed to beat John Cena at WrestleMania. Now then, doesnt it seem like he left someone out?
Yesterday afternoon, I was in a fit of nausea again and long story short, my lunch (probably my breakfast too) and I meet again in the office restroom. Gross
I must apologize to Ben Anhalt of Element Brewing Company in Millers Falls, Mass. After I visited Valley Malt in Hadley (for the article published here) back in December, I rolled north to visit Element, on an invite Ben put out when he saw me post on Facebook, looking for contacts at Valley Malt (and a tip of the hat to Will Meyers at Cambridge Brewing for that contact!). I had some time to kill before doing an event at Craft Beer Cellars in support of the Kickstarter for American Beer Blogger (where I got to hang out with Chris Lohring (and drink Notch) and Nate Heck (and drink Harpoon Spruce)...and, of course, Suzanne and Kate and the crew at CBC), so I stopped in.
Product Review: Martha Stewart Heating Tool
No profit yielded saturated head.
If you support someone just because theyre a woman, and the National Organization for Women supports anybody whose a woman,then youre saying were just supporting them because theyre a woman, and youre not being discerning at all. So you cant have it both ways.
There's no day I dread more than the day, sometime in his 15th year, when the Life Force Sucker comes home from some kibbutz in Israel and tells me he has found GOD. And then says, "by the way," just as he introduces me to his new Jewhoney, Tova. ( I picture her with a pretty face, suntanned shoulders, and big feet. I don't know why!)
Jocelyne Loewen ... Carol
Was this not an omen that her sacrifice brought forth nothing but evil!
Snap doesnt do much but provide a few convenience methods to do the division necessary. It stays as small as possible by providing no training wheelsit wont calculate styles or do DOM lookupsit assumes youre already using a library for that. It also wont check that youre passing integersit will blow up if you dont.
04. A Fool For Your Stockings  4:13
lying in his urine-soaked cell and blackening his eyes by repeatedly beating himself in the face.
His glory fills the world Amen!
Oh, my absent love
If you doif you can get past the abject terroryou just might discover a secretly incredible life in this ordinary world.
The interiors of the Mausoleum are cool and light filters in through white marble screens fitted to the red sandstone arches. While the red and white effect is quite striking from the outside, the light filtering in from the screens lights up the richly decorated interiors with a soft glow. I can see many tombs in small chambers leading off from the central vault. The guide informs me that these are the tombs of other members of the royal family, including those of Shakrul Nisha Begum and Aram Bano, Akbars daughters.
Its My Life was released in January of 1984 from their second studio album of the same name. It went to #31 on Billboards Hot 100 and to #1 on Hot Dance Club Play. After not charting well in the UK, it was re-released on their greatest hits album in 1990 and finally went to #13.
5. Cultural crotches, crotches which convey significant cultural symbolism or display meaning from a distinctly ethnic perspective. Crotches used in spiritual and social ritual, crotches of distinct origins, exotic crotches, worldly crotches, any sort of crotch which conveys a sentiment of unique ethnic heritage.
When we lived in our cottage on Poplar Street, there was a continuous stream of cats that adopted our humble abode. Because I am extremely allergic to them, I never encouraged them to stay, but I soon realized that they couldnt care less what I thought. So they came. They stayed long enough to be given names, then they left. My beloved often joked that we were part of some cat hobo network, and we must have received good ratings from the previous cats who lived with us. Great. Its one thing to be a good hostess to friends and family, but I really didnt need the pressure of pleasing feral cats.
I believe I have amply established that if you look at the left, you look at the heart of evil and the bottom whale-crap level of depravity as set forth by the Word of God in Romans chapter one.
the story you were writing
- AFGAANCAAP
or we can get to know it
Lately I have been all but obsessed with bittering up classic cocktail recipes. Though this may just be a consequence of having recently acquired a bunch of amari and quinquinas, almost all of my cocktail experiments have included something bitter. Recently, the Palmetto Cocktail in general has garnered a lot of attention in this respect. Simply a rum Manhattan, its recipe is relatively easy to manipulate in a variety of directions. Besides, the intersection of rum and either an amaro or fortified wine almost always yields interesting, tasty results.
It occurred to me recently (probably later than it should have) that my readers since I resumed here, are primarily different than they were a year ago. I've joked on Twitter about how disappointed my internet community would be to discover that I'm not actually as big of an idiot as my persona is, and depending on where you're filtering in from, I may be about to blow your mind.
I made this card for a friend that is needing a little pick me up! I thaqnk you all for stopping over today and hope that you are inspired to create something for yourself and someone else in your life, I hope that you return again soon for another visit as I have a lot of creations in the making to share :)
Just hand onto to your
Ive watched Tokyo Dome 2009 again, for no reason.
A: Buying a ridiculous pair of shoes is totally justifiable if theyre for your wedding day (there are going to be SO many photos of them!) - I love these heels: Jimmy Choos Garland-glitter finish leather sandals, Miu Mius Glitter-finish leather sandals; and these flat sandals (I wore these Tory Burch sandals in silver for my 2010 wedding!): Red Valentino Bow-embellished leather sandals, K. Jaques St. Tropez Metallic leather T-bar sandals
I loved watching wrestling, but, I meancmon
Our local grocery stores are GREAT when it comes to organic produce and slow food options, but not so much in the gluten-free crunchy department. And I need crunch because of her occupational therapy. Mashed potatoes and rice just aren't cutting it; and raw fruits and veggies are still too difficult for little miss Squirt. Or so says our Awesome OT. Which means I lug Squirt and myself to a well-known natural/ organic market several times a month. Most people call the store Whole Foods, but after hearing a friend make a too-true quip, Tonggu House has now dubbed the place Whole Paycheck.
Then make them bring
This Psalm guards the entrance into the Psalm book. It is the first idea we encounter as we get ready to enter into the book. This psalm will guide our understanding and control our interpretation and our singing and praying of the rest of the Psalms in the book.
Somehow it was one of the best birthday's I had!!
Anyway, I also voted for the challenger to my current Congress critter. The current guy has run unopposed in every election (barring primaries) since I have been able to vote. I've been wanting to pry his RINO, insider trading ass out of that seat for as long as I've been aware of him. Maybe this will be the year, but I'm not all that hopeful.
Let me just tell you, it is THE softest throw blanket I've ever had. There is nothing like the feel of soft, vintage sheets! I used a coordinating vintage sheet for the back and there is a layer of cotton batting inside.
"For fecks sake, get the feck up dare Lizzy!"
Church chiefs have given permission for an Italian gangsters tomb to be opened in an investigation worthy of a Dan Brown thriller.
It means that, as controversial and rage-flaring as it is to say that people matter to me more than bumble bees or tree frogs or gorillas, I have to say it. It makes sense and its Biblical to be good caretakers of what we have been given. But the Bible says people have dominion over nature, and that means if my choice is to sanction industrialization in Africa so people can have safe drinking water and electricity . . or to subtly deny them their industrialization to try to reduce global warming . . . Im going to pick A.
Mix the rest of the ingredients in a bowl. Divide bread mixture evenly among the tomatoes, pressing down a little.
Ok, so I admit that yesterdays blog post was bit over dramatic, and perhaps just a little bit self-indulgent. But hey, a girl has to have days like that every once in a while. What I like most about all this writing is that it helps me work through some of the challenges that Im facing. Even though I want to be a happy, cheery, funny Jackie all the time, there are gonna be days when, darling readers, you may come across a less cheerful blog post. Thanks to everyone for their wonderful words of encouragement and love yesterday. Im happy to tell yall that I left the pity party and moved on.
I heard something that really disturbed me the other day; I guess many people will say it's not surprising news, but it opened my eyes once again to the ignorance that surrounds our society. A close friend of mine has a sixteen year old son with special needs. He is doing really well academically and currently attends a very reputable private school where he has made many friends and has been included in the school's small community. This year he will be spending a week doing work experience. The "problem", apparently, is where. I raised my eyebrows at the word 'problem' because to me, there shouldn't be a problem. But what my friend experienced left me gobsmacked and considerably worried for our children's future, especially those with additional needs. John (not his real name), wishes to help out at a primary school because he absolutely loves working with young children. He's a lovely young man, polite, well-mannered, sociable and very determined. The person who makes the decision as to his working at the school dismissed the request on the grounds that he has "special needs".
I am almost OVER making autumn cards, and am ready to get a move on with my Christmas cards. ALMOST, I said. I actually have some autumn stamps that have yet to be inked up. Mr. Cardmaker would NEVER let a season go by without inking up ALL of his new stamps.
* Butterfly punch: Martha Stewart Small Monarch
Restrictions on personal liberty, on the right of free expression of opinion, including freedom of the press; on the rights of assembly and association; and violations of the privacy of postal, telegraphic and telephonic communications; and warrants for house searchers, orders for confiscations as well as restrictions on property, are also permissible
Your cosmopolitan sympathies,
Between now and April 30, 2012, we are looking for contestants to our FIRST EVER Spigot Science Video Contest. Videos submitted will answer a science question, using originality, creativity, and knowledge for the topic chosen.
- Albert Einstein
1-Juicing can be done many ways with all different types of produce. My current favorite combo is what I use two to three times per week for this season including things I find at the farmers market. Its important to understand that using foods out of season will effect your immune system, the ability to acclimate to the seasonal temperatures/climates and overall well being. Shopping at your local farmers markets will assure you have the best quality produce for your body during the current season. My choice for equipment is the Jack LaLanne Juicerhad mine for over 10 years now and its still a champ!!!
And the book says that we should make a conscious effort to always live in our Zone of Genius and find ways to escape our Zone of Competence and even our Zone of Excellence as much as possible.
Here comes another example of my mom's secret genius and another time when I realized this woman truly has me on a need to know basis for important shit:
The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
David Sylvian & Ryuichi Sakamoto - Bamboo Houses
17 - Money In My Pocket
NYX matte - Nude (applied under brow with MAC 217 by patting, then blending downward)
MM: Same situation in Philly. I always assumed Some Kind Of Wonderful by the Soul Brothers Six was a nationwide smash, as did Grand Funk Railroad, apparently, who were to discover otherwise when their version went Top Ten seven years later. Ditto Billy Harner and the Kit Kats. Im still amazed that Call Me Lightning broke out in the Upper Midwest and nowhere else.
The short answer is, nothing much. Starting pretty much soon after its 1998 default for example, Russia (a marginally bigger player than either Greece or Hungary) began a decade of unparalleled economic growth. Nearly a decade after Argentina defaulted owing $81 billion, disgruntled creditors are still chasing their money. The litigation, and Argentinas defiance in the face of judgments against it, complicate its plans to return to international capital markets, but how is the economy doing?
Simple or self-loathing people say "So what?". "It doesn't matter if different people take over!" This shows a failure to understand human nature. They think it will be painless like handing the baton on in a relay race, but examples from history like the Norman invasion, show the oppression the conquered have to endure; other countries like South Africa and Zimbabwe show what will befall our children if the evil elites are not countered.
1/3 cup fresh orange juice
I knew if I was going to die quick or something I wouldn't be able to make it across the border to Texas in time and there was NO way I was going to a Mexican hospital. If they saved me I'd end up with brain damage, one eye and a penis. Not that a penis would be bad, then I could fufill my life long dream of writing my name in the snow with pee, but, um.....got off track.
CF is a chronic genetic illness that causes the body to produce excess thick sticky mucus. This mucus clogs up the digestive system and most people with CF can't digest food, have trouble gaining weight, and have a host of other digestive issues (CF specific diabetes, reflux, feeding tubes, etc etc). The mucus also clogs up the lungs, damaging tissue, making it difficult to breathe, and making a nice cozy home for bacteria to thrive. So along with the digestive issues (which is huge in itself) CF patients also have major lung problems.....many require lung transplants. To battle all this mucus damage CF patients are on TONS of medication and must adhere to a very strict routine for maintaing respiratory health (including more medecine, puffers, nebulizers, shaking vests, chest physiotherapy, and on and on). Fifty years ago most CF children didn't make it past elementary school-- now the median age is 30's (with early diagnosis, medication, and treatment). I am very thankful for all the medecine they have to help treat and manage CF -but unfortunately there is no cure.
in another day, i will stop saying what i believe in.
Oh well. I'm not pastcaring for nothing.You won't get me singing the blues!
I had a moment. I was reading a newsletter (aka blog post) all about womens body image. And whilst, yes, towards the second half of the newsletter they were talking about the beauty of women being in their spirit, energy, self-love etc which is all super good stuff, for the first half of the newsletter they were highlighting all the things that could give you body issues eg what the media say, womens propensity to compare how they look with each other, possible bullying at school etc. It was a way to empathise with readers, and probably did resonate with many people reading it. Yet of course, for some readers it would not be such an issue, and for others it may be exactly what they need to work on.
Saturday morning, 9:30, on our way to Middleson's 9:40 basketball game. The van sputtered. We made a mad dash to stash this family of five into Daddy's car including a quick carseat installation. Crank. Sputter. Nothing. Woudn't start. After several attempts we made it to the game. No problems coming home.
My grandma is a wonderful, very wise woman. She takes care of elderly people in her neighborhood, shopping for them, helping them with their doctor visits, and just helping with day-to-day living- and all simply out of the kindness of her heart. Shes a world traveler, cooks delicious meals, sews, and bargain shops. She even taught herself how to use the Internet last year by taking a class and she reads my blog everyday. Isnt that awesome?!
This plant belongs to the family of buckwheat. Its leaves are used to produce the blue Indigo dye.
7) Dogwood Rust  Comets on Fire  from Avatar
Thereafter, I said to myself: If I cant be the next Marc Jacobs or Kate Moss or Beyonce, I will be a fashion editor to a major glossy in the country.
You know how you're not supposed to look animals directly in the eyes because it's considered an act of aggression? Well the same rule applies to dinner guests apparently.
4) has societys definition of mental illness changed (i.e. people who were once classified as eccentric are now being labelled as mentally ill), or
And around we go again.
And when I finally got to my house, they had piled everything I owned in the living room and kitchen. I couldn't even get into those rooms, they were packed helter skelter from floor to ceiling and from front to back. I had to move a bunch of stuff just to make room to get our fridge and stove moved in. When I tried to do laundry, the washer hose sprayed water everywhere. It took months to get that fixed and then after a week of doing massive amounts laundry I realized that the washer was leaking and there was water under everything in my laundry room. I STILL don't have that fixed yet!!!! Before we left St. John's to come here to Loch Leven, we had arranged with the cable and internet company to have everything set up within two days of our getting here. Well, they kept changing our appointment and after a month, they finally turned up. When they got here, they pulled into the driveway, went up the pole, and then climbed down and drove away. As I saw them driving away, I called them to find out what was going on. It turns out that NO Cable and high speed internet company services our area and they didn't tell us that before we were waiting for a month to get hooked up!!! We then had to start at the beginning to find out our options. So we are now the proud users of a satellite dish and the reluctant residents dial-up internet hell.
It keeps coming up and Im breaking one of my own manifesto items by addressing it again since, I suppose, technically, pressing dont have an agenda is an agenda.
Youll see that this book is different from the moment you pick it up and thumb through the pages. SARKher name stands for Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedyis both artist and writer, and her books are filled with lush watercolors and wonderful little cartoons that run around the pages. Her books talk about succulent livinghow to have a life thats fun and filled with juiciness and vibrancy. She explores everything from creativity to sex to living with and without money.
On March 28, the Brooklyn Historical Society will host photographer Harvey Stein in a special discussion about his recent book, Coney Island: 40 Years, which documents the people, events and changing scene at Coney Island.
in ways that no-one but the objects of their Loving-kindness will ever know.
I never wanna let a bad day slip by."
So let's add things up: 120 copies of the book x $13.18 (the cost of the $24.95 book less your retailer's discount) comes to $1581.60. So far this event has cost the bookstore $2053.60 and it hasn't even started yet.
If you are not on my email list and would like to receive notices about other free sessions and my monthly newsletter then you can sign up through my website. http://www.QigongEnergyHealing.com
Today was a normal day...as normal as our teaching days can be! No two days are ever the same, are they? We have plans and routines, but something always seems to be different. For me, today began with a different homeroom. My team teacher and I started "flipping" again. One week, I start with her homeroom, the next week, I begin my day with my homeroom. There's a formal name for it...I just don't remember right now! (I'm watching "How To Train Your Dragon" as I type, so I get sidetracked! Not unlike my students, I suppose!) We do this because, even though our time allotments are about the same in the morning and afternoon, the morning always seems more productive. I think that's why senior citizens wake up a 4 am...more productive!! Haha (Ewwww...he just ate a regurgitated fish!!!) Sorry for getting off task!
It (the contract) generally mirrors changes in the FOP (Fraternal Order of Police) contract that represents patrol officers, he said.
Im not sure; do you think you can hold that position?He asked back.
3-4 slices of bacon
You'd admit to that?? To a woman who has just fixed your washing machine by doing what she suggested you try in the first place??
As you can see, I've got a lot of questions circling around my head and heart this morning. What is your truth?
As human beings, we all want certainty, which mean we stay away from pain as significantly we can and want more pleasure in our lives. We make certain that we all items are in location and in order. We want all our daily needs for survival always available. We also want feel comfortable on our surroundings, conditions and ourselves. Some seek certainty to gain power over others by controlling them, and some use it to benefit others. Whether we like it or not, we want to feel comfortable and and sometimes, if not most of the time, laidback, relaxed and just plain lazy.
"Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense? Where is the difference between having our arms in possession and under our direction, and having them under the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety to us, as in our own hands?" - Patrick Henry, 1788
And all the joy within you dies
Please don't be jealous of my awesomeness. Jealousy will ruin you. And that would bum me out.
Freddies other long term relationship was with Jim Hutton who lived with the singer up until his death.
Husband: "Well does it look like it's starving or dehydrated?"
Oh - our other spot here at Senator Wash was probably a scorpion nursery! Remember a large Arizona Barker scorpion ran past our lawn chairs - well, there was a baby one by our back RV jacks. Equal amount of venom. None have been seen at the new location - whew!
Studio:
If I told anybody, then they would
Today Canada has a superior tax regime to that of the United States, and a much sounder fiscal situation. They are actually developing their energy resources, which they are happy to sell to us rather than the Chinese, just as soon as we approve the Keystone pipeline. And lately Canada has upset Saudi Arabia with an ad campaign about ethical oil, pointing out the unsavory nature of Middle Eastern regimes that oppress women. Seems the Saudis are not too happy about this, and are threatening lawsuits. Thought experiment: imagine how CAIR and Keith Ellison would react if such ads aired in the U.S.
Its not news that the Amy Senser case has been under the microscope of simple negligence, poor judgment, and public crucifixion. At the unfortunate mercy of the medias own trial on sensationalizing a local icon, theyve managed to lose focus and momentum for the real victim: the Lao man who lost his life, 38 year-old Anousone Phanthavong.
(Jack) Thanks, Ural for taking the time to share your insights today. You are truly gifted.
Everything becomes naturally beautiful with the appearance of the autumn season. Similarly, when a materialistic person takes to Ka consciousness and spiritual life, he also becomes as clear as the sky and water in autumn. The autumn season takes away the rolling of dark clouds in the sky as well as the polluted water. Filthy conditions on the ground also become cleansed. Similarly, a person who takes to Ka consciousness immediately becomes cleansed of all dirty things within and without. Ka is therefore known as Hari. Hari means he who takes away. Ka immediately takes away all unclean habits from anyone who takes to Ka consciousness. The clouds of autumn are white, for they do not carry any water. Similarly, a retired man, being freed from all responsibility of family affairs (namely, maintaining the home, wife and children) and taking completely to Ka consciousness, becomes freed from all anxieties and looks as white as clouds in autumn. Sometimes in autumn the falls come down from the top of the hill to supply clean water, and sometimes they stop. Similarly, sometimes great saintly persons distribute clear knowledge, and sometimes they are silent. The small ponds which were filled with water because of the rainy season, gradually dry up in autumn. As for the tiny aquatics living in the reservoirs, they cannot understand that their numbers are diminishing day by day, as the materially engrossed persons cannot understand that their duration of life is being reduced day by day.
There will (hopefully) be more babies in our future, ones that we will get to bring home, cherish and never take for granted. But Joey will always be in my heart. He will always be my first baby. He taught me more about life in those few months than I had learned in my previous 27 years. He is the one that allowed me to feel a mothers love and the overwhelming need to protect. He is the one that showed me what life is really about. Its not about
Dad died of Stage 4 Renal (Kidney) Cancer... and heart failure due to the fluid building up around his heart and lungs. That fluid was more cancer, trying to take over. When they found him, collapsed in the hospital room, they tried to revive him. Three doctors tried CPR. His body had given up the fight... and I am pretty certain his spirit had lost the will to live. His "fight" died with Mom. Sis said that when she and Bro went to go identify his body (uh, really?), that he had a smile on his face... an amazingly happy smile, that they had not seen in months. I think he knew where he was going, and that Mom was waiting there for him.
16 ounces cremini mushrooms
Ive decided not to mention Twitter or email or the internet to Frank or Linda again. Its not worth it. This way, we can both just keep mum on the subject.
Reaching the main mine tunnel once again, the group decided to re-seal the barrier blocking off the southbound flame tunnel to hell. Just as they finished rebuilding the barricade, the PCs were interrupted by a sudden tremor running through the mine. The stone underneath their feet wobbled and undulated, and Innominus, Vivuli, and Uncle Junkal, the non-dwarves, stumbled around awkwardly for a few minutes. Then the tremor subsided as suddenly as it had started.
AbstractBackground
I used to be known as the "nice writer" in my writing group. I'm all for happily-ever-afters and romance and letting characters have hope and all that lovely stuff. It doesn't mean I don't put them through the wringer first, but apparently after I wrote one of my last novels, I became the author who was capable of doing anything to a character. Want some physical trauma? Here you go, character, have that. And that. And then that. And here's your emotional trauma on the side. Yep, you'll be dealing with that for the next twelve years. Oh, look, I found some more problems for you!
It is scary knowing that everyone will be watching, Kaila said.
Her eyes move down to see what he is talking about, and grow in horror. There, below her naked bosom, are a series of protrusions forming bubbles under the surface of her thinly stretched skin. Two lines of small sacs bulged from her abdomen, with strange organic forms faintly visible beneath the tightened skins surface. She screams and sobs, trying to cover herself, but the uniformed men on either side of her continue to hold her arms up uncomfortably.
Sir William Murray of Stanhope (d.c.1690) resided at Broughton in Broughton parish. His second son, Captain James Murray, served the Jacobite cause under James VII and died in exile at the palace of St Germain in France.
Of the nearly RM500,000 disbursed so far, most cases involve the topping up of the amount students had already received from PTPTN, Mara and private sources.
Honestly... is that beautiful or what? Be still my heart!
The Guardians Hackgate expert Nick Davies has run two excellent pieces this week demonstrating how the sheer size and eclecticism of Murdochs Privacy Marauders meant that, in the end, there simply wouldnt be enough spokespeople, bribe-bungers and Silverleafs to stem the flow of incriminating evidence. This time around, he pinpoints detective Jonathan Rees as the man whose activities will embarrass Uncle Roop still further.
Swiss Chard with Raisins
Of course the story wouldnt be complete without an appropriate setting, and Case has provided it on board a fictional aircraft carrier, the Constitution. You can almost smell the sweat and testosterone in these scenes as they jostle aboard her. His apparent knowledge of naval aircraft is an asset as well, with just enough detail to help the reader understand without bogging the pace down in the process.
41All the towns of the Levites, among the heritage of the children of Israel, were forty-eight towns with their grass-lands.
I was happy that Solsara was back with their eye gazing workshops, and some really interesting stuff came out of that! There was a segment where you went to different partners, and whoever spoke up first told the other person something they saw in them. This one guy talked to me about how I was like a book that so many people have written in, but there are always more and more empty pages . I am STILL thinking about that and what it might mean! Then I had this intense reaction to this one woman I said had deep wisdom, but I just started totally crying when I was with her. It was a trip. I got to talk to her a bit later on in the weekend, but not as much as I would have liked. I hope she is there again next year!
07-Eliminators - Surfin Spies
* Mention the contest on your blog (+ 1 point)
1. One Slip (06:32)
20 each
and a bonus
See what I mean when I say that the constitution is not worth the paper it is written on? According to that piece of toilet paper they can legally take away everything you own whenever they feel like it.
Whilst those others who have found out are feeling out of love with blogging right now.
As she read on she learned that there was a note found pinned to his chest when he was cut down, it read: Note To Self: Never Trust Women.
Bazzill CS, Luxe Ornate Frame Transparency, Prima Bling and Flowers, Tim Holtz, Technique Tuesday, MME Stamps, MM Brad, Memento and Distress Ink, Zing Black Glitter embossing powder, Ribbon from Prima or AC?
So, with out hesitation, I am putting out the call to any ambitious writers and/or videographers interested in contributing. If you are passionate about Brooklyn and are looking for another way to express yourself, then maybe this is good fit.
We love you all, miss you greatly, and hope to see/talk/skype you all soon.
While some families hold the secret to the fluffiest matzoh balls in town, others have created new traditions to share with their families and friends.
All I aim for each night I gig is that I learn something from the experience, even if nobody else does.
And compared to the curry noodles we ordered at the Old Green house last night, this Hot Bowl was simply awesome!
-Bones
Here are a few pics from the most recent weeks:)
Jesus Christ Is the True Vine Who Bears Much Fruit in Us
This IS a "what if", after all. Not a documentary. I would never dream of spoiling the end of this one, only to say I was greatly disappointed at the turn of events. The Final Countdown could have gone in several directions and should have. It wasn't until years later that the Back To The Future films showed how to have fun with paradoxes and alternate time lines and go back and forth between different realities. Here, we have one reality. And even when it is examined, we don't learn anything appreciatively different than anything else we have ever seen before this. Hell, this isn't even an improvement on The Yesterday Machine, and that's painful to say.
Also- I have a dermatologist appt on the 19th. I found a black spot on my birthmark that is on my back. I am worried about it because I always "inspect" it to make sure it's not changing shape, color, size. The doctor is going to do a biopsy of it, please say a prayer for me. I am really worried.
Yep, I sure am. 'Cause after blogging for about two years I finally clicked on the "Compose" button on top of a posting window and found this method of posting. Previously I posted under the "Edit Html" button. So now if I want to have text
I was introduced to Steinbecks writing through Cannery Row, a book that I got as a birthday gift. After that I have read many of his books and I have always found myself getting surprised and fascinated by his writing. I read East of Eden long time ago and I really do not remember the whole of story now. But there are certain things from the book that have remained with me through all these years.
Since I already wrote a bit about that yesterday, deciding to take it in my own direction. Today, and everyday, I am grateful for art. I am grateful that my toddler , Marlee, can say "colorrrrr" and find crayons and that my preschool-age daughter, Lucy, can say "Mom, let's go stamp!" As they say at CRESENDOh, art saves. Art saved me, and I hope one day, when my kids feel sad, or like they need an outlet, art will save them too.
What matters, in the end, is that no matter how long it might take me to put up a post or to recover from a surgical procedure, thanks to the generosity of the community, the donations kept coming, the process kept moving, and certainly the kids that have the iPads already...keep using them.
Oh yeah, and we started Mikaels dreads. It only took 15 hours.
writes to find the words
When I look at my priorities, caring for animals scores pretty high on my list. I am draining the emergency account again to pay the vet.
Youll notice that things are a little out of order this morning; that is, the sermon has been moved forward and is seated before the singing of the chief hymn. Well, its quite suitable for the First Sunday in Advent. This is a season for preparing for and receiving things that are out of sorts. The unlimited divine is found within the limitations of created status. A virgin has a baby without knowing a man. Angels deliver the message of birth, not to royalty, but to filthy shepherds as the first pastors for the manger king. The innocent One pays for the guilty. And theres so much more. The chief hymn for this morning, attributed to the fourth century Ambrose (with the later help and padding of Martin Luther), it walks us through the entirety of the Christian story with simple, eloquent style. So lets view the portrait and THEN lets sing it.
When we reached my place and i got out of his car,i lingered to say something to him.
Following on the heels of SIXTY-ONE NAILS, Niall Petersen becomes a new Warder with the responsibility of protecting the High Council of the Seven Fayre Courts, and cleaning up after individual Fayre who go beyond their bounds.
For neighbours always knew
Pinking Shears/Border Punch: Fiskars (upper crest)
If you have any great attachment to your limbs, please ensure you adhere to the following "Small Talk" Guidelines:
I found out a bit later from Capcoms Honey (Im Home!) Hamilton that the game will be entirely playable if you want to go solo with three AI teammates, but Id gather that this one will be the go-to game for those who want to take the fight online. Given that this ones a PS3, Xbox 360 and PC game, I can see fans asking for cross-platform play, but it looks like its a no go this time. Still, I can see Capcom and Slant Six teaming up for a few of these or at least a whole lot of DLC down the road, as Operation Raccoon City is looking to be the newest star in the long-running franchise that will bring even more core players on board when it ships next year. I cant wait to see how the whole package has come together, thats for sure. Capcom is once again, on a roll with the great games and 2012 looks to be a darn good year for the publisher on a few fronts.
Awesome cross-country run through the hills and hollows on my family's farm. There is zero snow at home right now, which combined with the middle-of-winter lack of vegetation (grass, brush) made for excellent conditions to strike out in whatever direction I wanted and run fell-style over the hills. My shin seemed good for about 30min or so, but then the last 5min might have been a touch too much for it.
Connie took that lifelong love of cooking and went professional later in life, after raising two kids, working many different jobs and enjoying another passion, horse jumping and showing. She went to school at the French Culinary Institute in New York, with financial help from Bobbie and Glenn, to turn raw talent into focused skill. By her own admission, as an older student, and someone with only modest experience in the restaurant world, the program kicked her butt and yet she persevered and graduated. She went on to start the chef career ladder with restaurants in Connecticut, before buying her own place in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The Prospect Caf was one of those cozy little breakfast and lunch diners. It had been around for years, but Connie brought the place new life and earned not only the respect of regulars, but her own loyal fans as well. There were more stops in kitchens big and small, before she finally wound up at the Balduccis gourmet food store in Westport, Connecticut. I cant tell you how well we ate when she came to visit us in Nashville. She would load the car up with stuff bought with her Balduccis discount, and usually a stop at an Italian market or two besides. Those East Coast care packages meant a lot in the days before authentic Italian ingredients finally came to Nashville.
So I guess the reason I want to write is because I have creative urges that I want to put into something, and ideally something which is greater than the sum of its parts. Ive been lacking in confidence, in my ability to do that, in devoting time to doing that, and therefore just a general drive to start and finish that. I write the blog for practice, to up the quality stakes a tiny bit, for commitment, to test myself in different aspects, and now for the fun. Ive a rough idea where the blog is going, but excited to see what destinations it arrives at, and what stops on the way. But I dont see this as my only output, my contribution to the writing world, just the gateway to find another. So what reasons do you write for? If you run a blog, why do you write it? I seem to have worked out why I do mine.
Now, this process cannot continue ad infinitum...iron is the limit. This is simply because any fusion reaction of atoms iron-sized or larger is actually *endothermic*. It doesn't give off energy as all the previous reactions do, but actually requires energy to continue. As a result, there's no longer any internal energy to push outwards against gravity's compression inwards, and the star begins to collapse.
Of course everyone knows about Aztecs and Incas, the Iriquois and the Mayans. But not many of us fully realize just how advanced, and how civilized in the European sense, these and many other vanished cultures were.
Let me take you back to Saturday. Mr. A and my mom were busy at work getting together the final touches to a surprise spa party to celebrate my big 3-0! In the meantime I get a phone call that Hudson's striped curtains are finished and ready to be picked up (1 hour away.) My mom is doing everything in her power to not let me go. Enter angry (bitchy) pregnant lady. Turns out there was a surprise party waiting at home for me. I walk in the door, still not processing what I'm seeing, still angry that I haven't been able to get my curtains yet.
Finally, while there is no record of a response by government forces to Renwicks preaching at Woolf-hole-craig, they did respond to the Cairnhill preaching. In July 1684, the authorities do not appear to have captured have any prisoners from the Cairnhill or Cauldstane Slap preachings and did not know which minister or ministers had preached at them. It is possible that the government response produced further information on location of the preachings and the identify of the preacher. That may explain why the proclamation of 20 September recorded that Renwick was the preacher at the Woolf-hole-craig conventicle.
The upshot was, that I discovered chard.
Well everyone goes through tough times. Im just perplexed about where has all this talent gone.
The next day I drove through the adorable little town of Dixon. Its full of old adobe houses that are trying to crumble, but their owners are fighting back gamely and filling the yards with flowers. I turned on the last road in town and started heading uphill. After about five miles, there were no more houses or ranches, and I was wondering if Id taken the correct turn. I followed the directions as best I could. 30 minutes and one narrow canyon road later, I turned onto the road across from the Buddhist prayer flags.
And unfortunately, it was to the detriment of my sweet baby boys happiness. After a few months, he would literally start crying at the sight of my coupon binder. He knew that seeing it meant hed be spending the next couple hours sitting in a shopping cart, bored to death. And this was like five days per week.
The preeminent Chicago pizza restaurant is Pizzeria Uno. In enterprise because 1943, their full-dish concoction was an immediate hit. And Pizzeria Due opened not lengthy after a block away. These days, you dont have to come to Chicago to take pleasure in 1. The other well-known Chicago pie maker is Lou Malnati. His dad, Rudy, utilized to be the chef at Pizzeria Uno, and some feel he is the real inventor of the Chicago type. Lou opened his restaurant in the suburbs in 1971, and almost 40 several years later there are 30 places in the Chicago location. Theyre noted for the flaky, buttery crust. If you cant get to Chicago to take pleasure in one particular, theyll ship one to you on dry ice.
BIGBANG will soon be going to New York to shoot a music video. They will be spending a lot of money to make it grand-scaled. Though YG has been careful about spending a lot of money, its time for BIGBANG to take off again so he wont be too careful this time. YG has always been focused on quality over quantity. From 1TYM, BIG MAMA, SE7EN, BIGBANG and 2NE1, YG has always been very confident about their music. This is one of the reasons why he kept BIGBANG back while all other companies were having hallyu-concerts around the world.
-Fathom India Pale Lager
Well, Im only going to do 3 types of decks today, but Ill be doing more before Friday if I have the time. Ill be focusing on Human decks, GR Beatdown, Token, and other possibly new metagame decks in my next post. Thanks for reading, and if you think there are other cards that will be played in these decks, be sure to share them with us here!
So far expect the following (these are the ones that bit so far):
You are mine,
The reason why I want to organize, other than the fact that I HATE looking for things, is because I also hate clutter and mess. Living in an apartment, we don't have that much storage space. And maybe, just maybe, we have too much stuff, but then again maybe not ;)
Well firstly I am a farmer, and the old adage, stick with what you know, has some merit to it. I like farming, my family has been farming for more generations than anyone knows, so why not.
Its a quiet, quiet life
ATTENTION ALL COMMUNITY MEMBERS AND STAKEHOLDERS:
formation of the Eaglet Momsters group, our friendships
All pain is either severe or slight, if slight, it is easily endured; if severe, it will without doubt be brief. Cicero
Dr.Mary Finney is a medical missionary specializing in tropical diseases. She also has a knack for detection. This time out she solves another murder case in West Africa. This is the second in the series that started with The Devil In The Bush (1945). There were four books in all. The last published was 1955s Murder At The Flea Club.
instead the loss
6) The Beast Below
For your presence,
It's the magical kingdom of Top of the Pops. But what tourist hotspots and ancient wonders will we encounter on our journey?
So yes, lots of stuff happning. And if you are in town catch me downtown this weekend selling my work at the Portland Saturday Market. Come say hi, hang out and collect some art.
You will know whats coming next all you who know me.
Most gluten free bread is sold frozen. At best is is dense, and tastes funny. After moving to Austin, I went to the Whole Foods downtown for some lunch and shopping. The Whole Foods in Austin is HUGE. It is like a small city with several restaurants and lots of prepared foods. Anyway, we were in the bakery section, and I decided to ask someone stocking the baked goods if they had any gluten free bread. She pointed to a display where there were two kinds, white (potato flour) and whole grain (didn't notice, was too distracted by the white bread). I picked up the bread and it was SOFT! I teared up and yelled "OMG it's soft!" to my friend. I couldn't quite squeezing it and saying "it's so soft!" the whole time we were in the checkout. As soon as I got home, I opened the bag and ate a slice. It was amazing!
After reading reviews for both Yankee candles and Kringle candles I decided to have a look at what Kringle candles had to offer and popped over to their website www.kringlecandle.co.uk
It can stand on its own or be hung on the wall, and to my eye it is perfect for displaying some of my jewelry in the gallery this summer. (Yes, I am planning to open my gallery again to sell my work and that of a couple of others.)
The High is a fine example of his earlier work, but for me, Meiers crowning achievement is The Getty in L.A. That campus of structures is as thoughtful a manipulation of space, solid / void, differing texture as I have seen. Path. Space. View. Vista. Adjacency. He identified and exaggerated the hilltop sites inherent character and took full advantage of its every nuance. His choice and distribution of materials, the sequence of moves and their inter-relationship are so subtle that this relatively new facility convinces you that it has always lived there  so deliberate that it feels naturally occurring. The Getty seems somehow historic, monumental but at the same time perfectly understated. Its stunning really and makes me feel like an absolute hack. As a brash, not so young, know-it-all architecture student I spent a flawless, solitary afternoon on the grounds of the Getty and was forced to confront the agonizing truth that I really didnt know a damn thing about experiential space. Ive attempted (in futility) to replicate
Collect data on children's and parents' response to intervention.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Diane!
Anyway, the puking has definitely gotten better yay! I'm tired but I can manage even on days where I don't get a nap. I can feel the babies move on occasion but not regularly.
Row 1- sc in 2nd ch from hook and ea across (46)
OK this should have been done already but there you go.
Hard to believe it was his only Oscar.
I haven't seen a burning bush or heard a loud clap of thunder from heaven. God hasn't thrown his kingdom calendar down to me so that I can see all the dates he wrote out before eternity present. But through events, a Bible teacher on a TV screen, and a quote I stumbled upon this morning...combined with a verse I have memorized...there has been a "change in the winds" of my spirit. God has met me and reassured me that he hears my prayers. That he knows the desire of my heart. He just wants me to have faith and to trust him.
It takes practice, people. Lots of practice. Im not beating myself up over my latest antics. Im laughing at the whole darn thing. Im also grateful that I was shown two important aspects of myself that were/are still in need of healing. The anger/resentment thing may or may not be fully gone, but its gone enough that I feel good. The deal where I still argue with the angels and create situations for myself where I need to be cracked over the head with a Spiritual 24 does happen less often, but as I was shown, it does still happen. Thats okay too. It keeps me humbleand it reminds me of the real Truth, not my low egos truth.
Eastern Conference:
The words broke through.
Hello Everybody! Thank you for playing along with our last Challenge! The winners will be announced this Wednesday .... so don't forget to check back ... this could be your winning week! This week Simon Says Stamp and Show ... A Tag! If you want to join in the fun ... all you need to do is ... create a Tag! ... pop it on your blog ... and come back here and link up so everyone can see what you made! Before you start take a look at what the Design Team came up with...
Our Daily Bread designs Second Anniversary Celebration Challenges: Sneak Peek!
I'm not a social creature so i tended to stay behind the camera lens the most of the day.
I knew exactly what she was talking about because, while so much time has passed, I still remember the great times we had 'back in the day'. We ragged on fellow students and teachers (and confirmed that one of them was a lesbian). It was a lot of fun!
The FMLN currently has 35 of the ALs 84 seats. Its principal rival, the far-right Alianza Republicana Nacionalista (ARENA), has just 19. Recent polls, however, suggest that ARENA could close the gap  and maybe even outpoll the FMLN  in El Salvadors upcoming legislative and municipal elections, which are set to take place March 11.
However, if I was going to go to Peru I have to say I'd rather go here:
The execution was scheduled for a little after 6 p.m., but the document ordering the execution generally allows it to be carried out up until shortly before midnight.
With candida, I can never find a lot to drink when we go out with friends or for that matter whenever we go out. So, I order club soda with a lemon. Now, with the NuNaturals Liquid Lemon Stevia I can make myself a very tasty drink. It is like a treat for me.
Well, almost - the 100% truth is that the portable DVD player that you can see at the far back left was actually very close to the left front edge of the table, because I don't see very well, and in order to see the DVDs, I need the player to be pretty close to my face. And that is why the iolite fringe necklace is lying precariously close to the edge of the workbench - that was the only place it would fit (plus I needed it pretty close to me, too, just so I could see my work!)
And just as they came to the vows, so came the big plop-plop of the first drops of thunderstorm rain. By the time they were man and wife we were nearly drenched.
Boulevard Brewing Co. 21st Anniversary Fresh Hop Pale Ale
*Pattened Paper: Unknown
unauthorized and illegal in the Republic. JOHN HENRY DOE, ESQUIRE is a
Using a cutter or a lid of a tin, cut into smaller circles
The rest of the week was a mix of mummy and daddy due to work commitments, but I think we all had fun. Including a visit to a local garden centre which has a miniature railway - which the girls (and nana!) love.
Thank you for following my blog,
Millie Jackson  Hurts So Good (Spring)
Add chopped onion and minced garlic
New York: May 24, 1944
Ooooh..I wonder where that month went? Another one down the pan, zipped by like a nanosecond and now gone forever. When I look back in a few weeks, that month will be a vague mish-mash of memories only a few of which will be readily retrievable: a lovely sunny afternoon in our recently reclaimed garden with family and friends enjoying the returning Spring. A trip to Majorca with Youngest, Mrs Youngest and Littlest
But think about the power of giving "just one more" to your family. Sometimes as a parent, I feel completely overwhelmed. The demands on my time, my energy, and my engagement are significant, leaving little for me and often even less for my partner. We strive for balance and often achieve it for a time, which is wonderful for all of us. But my kids need me, and I do just about everything I can to answer that need because I know that the less I respond, the less likely they are to keep asking. The last think I want to do is alienate or isolate my children, especially when my reasons for saying "no" are because I feel like I have been stretched to my limit. When I am in a good place, there is always a little more I can give to them, to myself, to my partner. It doesn't have to be a lot, it doesn't have to be earth shattering. But it doesn't need to be. My kids aren't asking for the moon, they are asking for just one more. Can't we find a way to give just one more?
Zimbabwes actions also jeopardize a more ambitious $188 million Global Fund grant to Zimbabwe, due for consideration by the funds board on Friday, Mr. Parsons said.
26 0z can of tomato sauce
6. I am a Go-Green person .
(~I do not like the cone of shame.~Up)
Sadly, I didnt get to go to the concert, and I was heartbroken. I was extremely sick with a stomach attack that still, 17 years later, remains unresolved. My mom wouldnt let me go. She was never unreasonable, but I remember being nasty about it because I thought I could be. Low and behold, I ended up in the ER that night. My friends bought me a t-shirt with the money they made selling my ticket, and I realized, like usual, moms are always right.
Oversized packages are charged based on cubic meters. Minimum price for 1 cubic meter is $200.
Udis granola is a real treat for me. I look forward to eating it every morning! This granola gets my stamp of approval!!
Tears and fears and feeling proud
4 pcs kalamansi lime (ordinary lime can also be used)
All this blogging, Facebooking, Twittering, Linkedinning, Diggiting and other more arcane forms of apparently essential author-profile-building - gah, it's amazing we have time to write at all any more! Of course, if you do none of this you are either a) feeling guilty / inadequate b) that and paranoid that every other author must be becoming better known, better connected and therefore obviously more successful than you or c) being rampantly Luddite and proud of your organic writing life and acquired technophobia.
University of Pennsylvanias Ideas in Action course allows students to propose projects to senior administrators on the best methods for advancing the universitys sustainable goals. Penn is among the largest purchaser of green power among American universities of more than 192,000 megawatts (46 percent of total power used) of wind energy purchased annually.
As you feel in your
The Mountaintop of Boethius
Jonathan R. Hohmann, 48, New York, N.Y.
You loved her but that doesn't mean you can't move on,
I hunt because it is a lifestyle - and it's my lifestyle. It's dreaming of being out on a hunt when stuck in the office. It's knowing that right now it's midnight, I just got my kid to sleep but it's ok because in 5 hours my alarm is going off and I am going hunting. It's knowing that when you're out there in the woods, in your blind, or in your tree stand all your worries are gone and that is a feeling that no substance can duplicate.
The House set aside, more accurately, ignored a bill sponsored by Massachusetts Congressman John Tierney that would pay for continued student loan subsidies and prevent the rate increases by eliminating some tax breaks for big oil and gas companies. Instead, Speaker Boehner put up a Republican sponsored bill which passed that would preserve low interest rates at the expense of a disease prevention fund in the Affordable Care Act, a fund that provides cervical and breast cancer screenings, among other things.
Some Odd Girl is my baby freshly launched in January and we are proudly bringing some fun and quirky images that I hope you'll like! The idea to start Some Odd Girl was inspired by two great friends who are such dolls! They took one of my pencil drawings and made it into red rubber and that act of generosity spiraled into what you see today! I am a married FTWM of 2 who has a hubby who not only loves me but supports my crafting and my site as my IT guy. What more could a girl want? I am an artist born who started out with pencils then acrylics and now scrapbook and am a cardmaker. I do DT work for ScrapMuse, Gutter Girls, and Design Dollies but Some Odd Girl is my baby.
I had many good reasons to support this belief.
So, Im learning to take it easy and accept that the process will take as long as it needs to take. I just wish Summer would hurry up and piss off so I can get back to Uni and concentrate on completing that degree, which will be enough to keep me occupied anyway. Episodes aside, of course.
It was the face belonging to a naturally slow or inattentive intellect
I like groups that feature Pyrex and sewing projects.
I started by stamping one of the stem images in green ink, then added a flower in bright yellow ink at the top of each stem. I die cut a strip of green cardstock with CSSs grass die, then stamped the die cut piece with the matching image before setting it on the bottom of the panel. The clouds were created with some distress ink and a cloud template.
- 1 bay leaf (or more)
I hold the line
It would be fun, we suppose, to hear Vladimir Seriousness von Niederhoffentanger spoken over and over in a Malaysian courtroom.
88. Of all the things that drive men to sea, the most common disaster, I've come to learn, is women. Charles Johnson, Middle Passage (1990)
Anti-racist is just a code word for anti-White!
Here I truly want to impress. This is the level where I lay down some new flooring and paint the walls ;) In reality I do all of the things I do in Level 2, Tier B but I go a step further and really deep clean. I scrub the kitchen floor, dust every surface, clean the microwave (inside/out), clean the outside of all appliances, clean the inside of the fridge and make sure which ever entry way they are coming in is spotless (may include weeding/mowing front yard). This level usually takes a week for me to complete. It is not often that I enter this level of cleaning but when it does come around, you can bet my kids have forgotten what I look like by the time the guest arrives ;)
Because of their heroic actions, all charges are dropped against thecrew except one. For that, Kirk is demoted to captain and is returned to a new Enterprise which will prove to bea piece of junk in the next film and decommissioned in the one after. But we will get to that later.
In The Entertainment Industry.
Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC Family ... 12 AM
All of us will have had moments of clarity like this; epiphanies, revelations, call them what you will. With me, after a three year period when I'd been unable to write a single poem, it was sitting down and writing two novels back to back in a matter of a few short months. As Lehrer puts it:
Whats the median amount of time respondents spend on memes?
And then theres the way unschooling has centered and anchored me through the storm. My kids always center me, of course  if theyre okay, Im okay  but this is more than that. Unschooling is *there*, a core purpose that runs through even the toughest days. I mean, not once in the past week have I given a thought to creating a learning-rich environment or accommodating my kids different learning styles or even unschooling itself really (and I usually think about unschooling quite a bit), but Ive been conscious of and immensely comforted by all the sparkly moments of learning.
At Spirit, we treat all of our customers equally and with respect, the Fort Lauderdale-based carrier said in a statement Friday. That means our non-refundable fares are non-refundable  for everyone.
Not at all. I think people still listen to whole albums, particularly from artists they love. Hip Hop has produced a lot of albums which are average, but with a few amazing songs on  so I have always been used to harvesting the good songs from an average album for mixtapes and so forth. That works really well in the age of iTunes playlists and so on.
Deciding to ignore him, she went into the kitchen and told Malcolm to start the steak orders, then busied herself with her customers. She would not be interested in Tyler, even if her libido was.
December 8 at Argyle Fine Art in Halifax for a night of good food, fun, door
Grazing systems vary on each farm and geographic region and are tailored to meet the needs of each particular livestock species and the forages present.
I love the alliterative enjoyment of language that makes this book a joy to read out loud. I suspect that only Malachy Doyle could make a list of instructions read as poetry without adding a single fuss or literary frill!
The post Should ministers have political spokespeople? was of interest toabsolutely no one, but asked whether there was a role for political spokespeople who could throw the party-political handbags at other politicians in the media without having to worry about political impartiality, leaving ministers to get on with the job of running their departments and being accountable to Parliament, and ensuring civil servants did not get embroiled in party political spats.
He also told the AGC to file its submissions by April 26 and the resident, Madam Vellama Marie Muthu, to file her reply submissions by May 10.
-Organic Cotton
Swag count..way up...but no guitar for Mags or me :-(
Your involvement is strongly encouraged and your responses very much appreciated.
Thanks for being my new follower. See you all in a few days.
The last time Alec Baldwin hosted  the season finale of 09/10  was the worst episode he ever hosted, and that is saying something, considering that he did host during the notorious 94/95 season. And the Baldwin episode before, with the Jonas Brothers, wasnt that great either. So it was nice to see a return to typical Baldwin episode-level form. I am unusually excited for this season, and I dont have much of a rational explanation for why I feel that way. There have been no cast changes, nor have there been any other significant changes, so one would figure the show should be about the same as last year. But I remain optimistic for this season, thanks to this solid first episode. Most of the sketches were solid, and the subpar sketches generally were not too one-note and unoriginal. And this was the most receptive SNL audience I have witnessed in years. The support of your fans can go a long way, so Im going to take a cue from this audience and cheer whenever I can this season.
I wrote that post in response to a question on Authors Blogs, a directory for . . . ta da . . . authors blogs. I had to categorize myself as published writer or aspiring writer, and since I wasnt published, I could only choose aspiring writer. Here I am, a year and 179 blog posts later, still aspiring to be a published writer. I am closer today than I was a year ago, or if not closer, at least readier to take on the job of self-promotion when the need arises. And I am still trying to perfect those books.
Debuts That Deliver (Book Magazine);
We also fully intended to decorate the dang thing after we put it on him. As you can see it's been four weeks and it just hasn't happened. One of these days we'll get around to decorating it. I thought Halloween would be the perfect time to try and decorate it but Amy, Nathan's therapist, informed me that he will be out of the helmet long before Halloween rolls around. Yay!
Guest: Richard Barrett, composer and keyboard improviser
Today in the pasture I saw Athena from the rear and thought that she looked a little lopsided, but not too much. I was able to sneak up on her and feel the udder. Hard. Immediate response needed. I brought all the ewes in so I could catch her and her lambs. Here is what her teat looked like:
Oh, and at the bottom of the barrel lies Tommy Doyle, the little boy who was being babysat by Laurie Stode in the first movie. He's grown up into a paranoid nutcase who inexplicably knows all about Michael and has all the answers to everything in this movie, and I suddenly hate this movie that much more. The acting, oh fuck, the acting...is fucking horrible. It doesn't help that this movie has some of the worst lines ever ("Michael Myers is the right man for me," on the radio show, and the narration in the beginning that says that Halloween is a night of mayhem only because of Myers...) but the acting is just intolerable. Nobody is believable, nobody has any emotion and nobody delivers their lines with any conviction at all. It's an acting student's worst nightmare! You could get a pair of fleas to act better than half of these assholes. You could get...Romanian midgets with cranial deformations to act better. This is awful! This is torture!
How to Apply: Send a resume and cover letter, discussing why youre the ideal candidate to be a SLS, to SpotLightSeattle Editor at info@spotlightseattle.com.
The museum tweeted the pic and we had to share, because the colorful Porsche sitting outside the museum is our favorite picture of the day. Which is saying a lot. Because we, like you, having access to the Internet, see approximately 758 images by 9 a.m.
Where she was
The man watches me as I struggle with the landing. Inside the hall it is somewhat dark and I wasn't making much headway, so the man proceeds to come down the stairs toward me. He continues speaking to me as he makes his approach. Mistaking me for someone else perhaps, he reaches out to me. My hand latches onto his arm. He hesitates for a second, and then roughly squeezes my breast. His breathe smells strong of cheap whiskey.
Tau kan, 6 pcs
Ports influence can even be seen indirectly with players like Baltimore Orioles All-Star catcher Matt Wieters, whose father Richard was an outstanding pitcher-outfielder for Port in the 1970s.
forgetting and leaving behind the pain .. .
Someone sneaky has let the cat out of the bag, so I might as well admit: yes, I was a 19-year employee of The Water Company.
And if this monastery could offer me a clear road map, a practical way of life, on how to do that.
MTTC Design Team
I fully acknowledge that Mr Hagmann is not an unbiased source, however, when you look into this matter it becomes clear that very few of the sources on either side are unbiased, including those who claim to be independent. Therefore, so as to judge this issue, one has to rely on the quality of the analysis, rather than any claimed neutrality on the part of the analyst.
cracked pepper to taste and set aside.
Skeeter: Then we went out back behind the port-o-let and I fucked her mouth real hard. Member, you were taking pictures and tossing the mayo balls into my mouth while I partied all on her gums?
In addition, Starbucks released a music CD (also called Every Mother Counts), which is available in stores while supplies last. Sustenance Groups Kristi York Wooten spoke with Turlington Burns about the CD project, as well as musician Martha Wainwright, who remade the classic Bob Marley hit No Woman, No Cry as the title track to Turlington Burns documentary.
So why do I bother to give this sickening pile of excrement more of that attention he desperately craves? Well, because it gives me another excuse to post my favorite audio clips of Donohue applying for the role of worst person in the world. In the following two clips, we hear Donohue on a radio show passionately defend nothing short of mass child rape.
Well lets start with winter and diamonds. What does winter represent to me? A time of the mind, introversion, a drawing in, snow flakes, crystals, a mind like a diamond, the third eye, the star on my christmas tree, cold, purity, first day of the year, one, singularity, thinking. . .
Imagine my surprise when Ruby and I pulled up in front of the house and two big swans passed low overhead. Both adults had followed us to the house and when we stopped at the house they circled several times in formation. They were just flying above the roof of the house and a couple times they rode the air currents around the end of the house, almost playfully. It reminded me of when the ravens would ride the current off the end of the house,diving and playing with each other. The swans were riding the currents and twice the female acted like she was going to grab the male's tail, like they do when chasing other swans out of their territory, often trying to pull them out of the air. I have seen a few individuals loose tail feathers if they weren't quick enough to dodge or pull away from the attacker. Once these swans seemed sure that we were not going any further, they flew off going up river away from where the cygnets had been left.
Godawari Power And Ispat Limited has informed the Exchange that the Company has decided to Publish Audited Financial Results for the year ended/ quarter ended March 31, 2012 instead of Un-audited Financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. The Audited financial Results shall be published within 60 days from end of the last quarter (i.e.on or before May 30, 2012).
12:50 - 1:53: Continue math
Rub ribs with paprika, garlic powder, and chili powder. If you have time, refrigerate after rubbing for 1-3 hours. Zest oranges and lemon. Juice oranges and lemon, adding juice to the slow cooker. Crumble chipotle and add to slow cooker. Bring ribs to room temperature if you refrigerated them. Brown each half of the rack of ribs on both sides in a heavy skillet. Add first half to slow cooker, pour a little barbecue sauce on top, then add second half. Add beers, then top off with more barbecue sauce. Add about 3/4 of the bottle of barbecue sauce total. Ideally ribs will be just submerged in liquid. If you have time, cook ribs for 10-12 hours on low. This way they will be most tender. If not, cook for five hours on high. Remove ribs from liquid (discard liquid), serve with the rest of the barbecue sauce and hot sauce.
Hello, Aranyaprathet!
I guess the reason for this is because we had no idea where Doug was so the missing person concept added thrill to the story, in the second movie we all had a feeling that Teddy was somewhere close to where they woke up from and that theyd find him in the end anyway.
RODRIGUEZ: Is she sick?
Paying and protecting those who manage
Ananias was called in verse 10, a disciple meaning that he was a follower of Jesus, the Messiah. Thus, he knew who it was speaking to him for he said, Behold, I am here, Lord.
Get rid of Adam and Ceelo
* Red and blue food coloring
Didnt quite make church Sunday morning. Sleeping right up to check out causes a bit of a mad rush to get up and get out.
This incident occurred on Wednesday, 13 May at one of the shacks in the squatter camp New Stand, Thabong township, near the gold-mining town of Welkom in the Free State Province of South Africa.
You can enter only ONE project per challenge, but if you use a Guylou's Inimitability digistamp, your project will count for two entries. If you don't have one of her digistamps and your budget is tight; please check her online store where several freebies are available.
Whose game? I think I'll have a sign up every 1st of the month, so you can do it every month or skip some months if you'd like to. (CHA months are tough, lol). No big commitments ;) Feel free to add the button I've posted on my sidebar for this. The more the merrier :)
Because photography will play an important role in a travel-and-experiences blog, I am determined to improve my amateur photography skills. To that end, I chose to undertake John Hedgecoes Complete Guide to Photography: A step-by-step course from the worlds best-selling photographer (if he doesnt say so himself). This book, selected after extensive research (i.e., breezing through the titles on a used-bookstore shelf and selecting the most modern looking book sleeve), includes 70 projects. I intend to work my way through the book until I have mastery of advanced techniques. Care to join me?
the smell of war and sweat is more palatable.
Salary budget: USD 40,000 per year or PHP130,000
Having said all that, lets get behind any attempt to bring an international series to these shores, or support a touring team to go to the States and take on their best. After all, this drinking game business is something that we have become pretty competent at in our past. Well whip their skanky-yanky arses.
While it might sound cliche, I have to say the buffet at the Bellagio was unquestionably the best we visited during our stay. I found myself thinking the food wasnt good for a buffet, but good in general. In fact, for the entire vacation Id worked very hard to not have seconds so I could try as many different options as possible, but I had seconds on three items at the Bellagio. I mean, it was really tasty stuff. I determined, executively, that the Bellagio buffet would become a tradition for us every time we visit Las Vegas because theres just no reason why it shouldnt be.
I guess the clincher was to be found in this following passge. This was a conversation between Princess Victoria, who had not yet attained the Queenship, and Prince Albert, who had not yet become the Queens husband.
Not that Stuyvesant cigarette executives turned their backs to the promotional opportunities provided by the fight for freedom and human rights. In 1989, employees in 'Come Together' shirts distributed Peter Stuyvesant cigarettes to East Berliners on their way to the vote in the election that would unite the former Soviet sector with West Berlin.
THE GIFTED DEVELOPMENT CENTER has published its March communique, noting that GDC now offers all of their articles as free downloads from their website. Also in the newsletter: Anne Beneventi writes on the Annemarie Roeper method of qualitative assessment. Read more.
I started my running life in Spokane, Washington, where the Winter weather can be colder and much more snowy than here in Kansas City. And the snow would stick around and stack-up, too. It was not unheard of to see our first snow in October, and not have the snow and ice not melt until late March. After a few major snowfalls, the City would run out of budgeted funds to plow the snow. From that point on, the city would just plow the main streets, (but not the side streets), for the rest of the Winter. The side streets and sidewalks would become a "life & death" dangerous place to run.
We wanted 4 buttons in a row so we took the measurement of the full length, which was 55 and divided it by 5 and got 11.
Though alcohol consumption is commonly perceived as a fairly safe activity, the trend of young adults binge drinking is becoming increasingly prevalent. Binge drinking is defined as consuming 5 or more drinks for men (4 or more for women) within 2 to 3 hours. This rapid consumption of alcohol causes a drastic rise in blood alcohol concentration levels, often leading to quantities far higher than the designated legal .08%.
But other plans are also being laid. Whether one does or doesnt accept the gold manipulation thesis, there is some prima facie evidence in the EU of secret restrictions on retail access to the stuff. This makes sense, and is an attempt to stop a hypothetical run on all banks in favour of buying the shiny metal. I think it overestimates the focus and IQ of the average citizen, but you can see why some unelected dweeb has suggested they do it.
I'm not going to go into all of the details about the wedding. I'm just too busy at work for all that. I'll post pictures once I get them from the photographer - who by the way was amazing!
Tapper: I see
5. The worst someone can do to me is to kill me and take things from me!
Why did you decide to do this project? After ten years of playing "around" the idea of being a professional artist, by obtaining degrees and work in related fields like art therapy and interior/industrial design, I recently made the decision to go directly for it, head on.
In 1517 Martin Luther set off the Protestant revolution against the Catholic Church that led to the spread of the then-new movement as a response to the corruption of the Church. It took time for it to establish itself as an alternative and was greatly aided by the invention of printing and spread of literacy, but mostly because ordinary people had grown weary of the Churchs extravagance, poor governance, and resistance to change.
So we've opted for 50 Shades of Grey in Book Club and I thought I was going to have to order it via the Library and risk being spotted up to no good by the eternal busybodies that make up country life when a friend up and volunteered her copy.
Not movingPolice said the unprovoked attack happened after the gang goaded Mr Stringer-Prince and his friend Kavan Brown as they passed a takeaway.
Embellishments, Shells, ribbon, string and a charm
My oldest child graduated from college last weekend. It feels impossible. I feel like I was just in college He is going to be fine, though he is presently fretting over not having a job. He is one of the most mature, responsible, young men I have ever known. He will do great things and Im excited to see where things go for him.
The nine Random House writers sat in the dugout and as Chip Gibson (head of RHCB) introduced us we ran out.
-no guarantee of extra kits, no access to gallery and no pick up zone available
My hands still feel dirty.
Unfortunately not too many universities or research teams have been given a large, expensive grant to work this one out but while I did look; I came across some information on a group of Eating Disorders called Pica. Wikipedia describes this disorder as the compulsive urge to eat substances which contain no nutritional value such as dirt or clay outside of developmental exemption (or as an adult). Pica is divided into dozens of separate eating disorders all with different symptoms and health risks that are based on which substance the person has a compulsion to consume. After reading into this disorder I have chosen three different forms of Pica that I found personally interesting to delve into.
This treasured friendship of ours was set afire
SCS is having challenges daily throughout the month of October.
Unveiled in Beijing at the weekend, Victoria announced: Its a great honour. I wanted to design a car that I want to drive and that David would want to drive. I want a car that reflects my personality. Im really proud of this car.
Husband: John Huddleston (musician, m. 1941, div. 1943)
I loved having time to work on projects around the house and I loved being able to spend a day curled up under a doona cuddling my tiny baby and watching trashy TV when that was all I felt capable of.
See - one layer cards don't have to be difficult or scary...........
Why hello again, it's been a while hasn't it? If you follow me on Twitter you'll understand my lengthy absence from blogging, Kris and I just made the leap into home ownership. Hurray! The journey has been maddening, stressful and, in places, downright miserable but all of that now seems like a distant memory. Well, if you ignore the fact I've been without a fridge freezer for three weeks of course.
TOMORROW: consumers are getting wiser, access to information will be easier and faster. Consumers will demand higher service standards, offline and online.
This anthology will be the work of tireless editor Johnny Mains, who also happens to be an enthusiastic and skilled researcher in the dusty annals of this genre. I'm even prouder to be appearing in this book as, thanks to Johnnys enviable ability to root out lost classics, Ill be appearing alongside a previously unpublished tale by sci-fi legend John Brunner (1934 To 1995).
for Jelly Roll Cake:
MoonSet
Day/FULL HOURS full distance on French Riviera Cannes Saint Tropez Monaco Nice airport
My pre-k kids still have problems with identifying numerals, so I used the song "Five Butterflies" by Tiana to have the children look at the number and go to drink from the "daffodil" when it was their turn, as well as showing the other students in the room the number on their butterfly. The "daffodil" was made from a yellow tablecloth bought at a Party Store. Here is the video if you'd like to see us doing the song:
like a lamb that is led to the slaughter,
As fans flocked in, The Get Alongs got the night off to a typically hectic start, with Shane Davis on perfect front man form. Entertaining the crowd with his reckless style, which somewhat unbelievably still manages to accommodate his sunglasses, Shane and the lads more than justified their place on the stage. All The Young personally picked the supporting acts for tonights gig: after coming home and checking out some local gigs, they had been impressed with The Get Alongs style and prowess on stage. And The Get Alongs certainly didnt let their headlining peers down with tonights performance, and neither did second support band of the night, The Control, with their unique up-beat and high tempo riffs impressing all present. As with Shane Davis, The Control front man Joseph Brennan-Hulme was up to his usual tricks, feeding the crowd with awesome presence which blended greatly with the bands tight set.
The third response came from a friend who is a writer, who's read the latest draft. By the standards of the other responses I've had, it has been catastrophic. She found my characters flat, my environments blank and the amount of dialogue overwhelming. It's almost impossible for me to believe she read the same book as my first two readers, particularly given that the main focus of the changes over the last two drafts has been breaking up the dialogue and adding detail to the environments.
Anybody got any thoughts on this? Lemme know.
He chuckles. Its not like Im trying to get security codes from you, Ive got contacts for that, he adds, I just want to know your name.
Suzy West WOW
Eva started with the scampi, which was served in a piquant spicy chilli and garlic white wine sauce. Absolutely superb, the scampi were plump and unctuous, and the sauce had a presence which did not overpower the scampi.
I am waiting not-so-patiently.
My husband fantasizes during our sexy time. Not about other women, but me about 12 years ago. I take it as he doesnt find me sexy anymore. Life, kids, and aging has done some wear and tear on my body but I havent let myself go or anything. How should I take this revelation?
The church where I was pastor was in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia. Our secretarys name was Sandy. Young people from our church who lived in the area would often stop in and hang out at her office after school. One afternoon I went into Sandys office to use the copy machine and Luie, a high school student who attended our church, was there chatting with her.
Once out of the oven, I debated on how to cut into my pumpkin because I thought it would totally fall apart into a gooey mess. But it actually sliced pretty easily. After dinner I was re-reading the recipe and saw Dorie suggests scooping the meat of the pumpkin into the stuffing and mixing it all together. Great idea for next time.
Ang - 75
One of the things I love about blogging, is the sharing of information. My friend Jamie, saw the post about peeling garlic and gave me another great trick for peeling it.
nothing better than having someone else do your dirty work while you veg
On low speed, add the flour mixture, and mix just until blended. Stir in walnuts and chocolate chunks. Drop by tablespoons (I use a small ice cream scoop) onto sheet pans, 2 inches apart. Bake for 12-15 minutes. Adapted from At Blanchard's Table.
Our initial rendez-vous was brief but I knew I had fallen in love and announced at the table our intention to marry. My fellow Cell Block C inmate was surprised but laughed, knowing I was serious but also realizing that the union would never hold up.
I forget whether the nurse was found guilty or acquitted, I had rather lost interest by that point, and, in any even, it hardly mattered she had already been cast as the irredeemably vile disciple of a morally indefensible doctrine.
Of course, with many movies these days no originality is present whatsoever, right away it reminded me of Inside Man. The difference between the two movies is that Inside Man is creatively done and entertaining until the very end. As for Man On A Ledge, its very predictable and when it was trying to be funny, it was lame and when it was trying to be suspenseful it was funny. Im not sure what the director was going for but in terms of quality, or the lack of, it was mediocre. The acting was typical and unmemorable, no character stood out. And as much as I like Sam Worthington, his accent was inconsistent through out the movie which weakens his performance.
The drink I made for the Fourth was gingerade. I partially peeled and cut into chunks a whole ginger root that had been in the freezer. It is easy to peel with a spoon when it starts to thaw, before it gets soft. Of course fresh might have been better, but this turned out GOOD. I boiled it in a medium pan of water for about 10-15 minutes, took out the root and added sugar to the water and stirred it well. Then I added it to cold water to make a gallon (with a spigot!) Make sure to pour the hot into the cold and not directly into a glass container. I reused the same root to make 2 more gallons, which I didn't sweeten, then sprinkled a little stevia in as I drank it. I carry it to work and in the car. I've cut way down on coffee and I'm drinking more liquids. You can reuse the root several times if you keep it refrigerated. It beats buying tons of flavored water!
2) I became aware for the first time, of the destructive potential that comes with all the increased amount of energy you wield when you are going through creative and spiritual growth. Once you are aware of it, theres really no choice but to just be more conscious and careful about it. Its easy to destroy things and show the world what a big cheese you are, but that doesnt bring you any closer to people and doesnt make responsible, constructive use of the gift.
JSCOP Blog (jscopblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided as is and is subject to change or removal at any time.
But are such fears really invalid? There's a problem already in the neighborhood.
Perfect opportunity to play good child and reply:
cyng1 at me dot com
Than theyll ever know
Powered by Linky Tools
I know all of these people will all be missed greatly by all their families and friends. But I am so happy to say, I do believe they are all in heaven. And I know that we will see them again.
Transfer the popcorn to two large heatproof bowls (try not to add any unpopped kernels, if some remain in the bottom of the pot). You want to leave yourself plenty of room to toss the popcorn with the caramel, so don't fill the bowls to the top. Add the peanuts to the popcorn and toss to combine.
She leans back over Cheryl and tenderly clears the hair thats stuck to her sweated forehead.
They want to understand what their efforts are contributing. They want to be part of something bigger and meaningful. Once they understand what it is your organisation is trying to achieve (the WHY), they will give discretionary effort because they believe in the cause.
Of Christ the Heavenly King.
Meanwhile, there are many things you can do as a free mind slave, because staying within the system does NOT mean being passive. On the contrary, the free mind is constantly coming up with imaginative ways to make of the daily grind the frontline of resistence. Seen from within without the chains, the system is rife with weaknesses and inconsistencies, and there are as many ways of exploiting them as there are free minds willing and able to do so. It can even be FUN!
no longer exist in her world
Stamping smiles for kids, Karen
OR If you are using milk powder ,then bring 4 cups of milk to boil and mix the dry milk powder in half a cup of hot milk and stir into the boiling milk.
I may look for more Senators game programs in decent shape, preferably with the scorecard still in the program whether it has been filled in or not. If filled in I would probably want to see the overall condition first.
And not long ago, rushing and distracted before work, I showed up at my downtown, professional office in these:
Please feel free to participate in the first poll I am launching on my Blog!
Still, The Last Ringbearer has its own kind of appeal. I found that the more I approached it on its own terms, rather than constantly comparing it to Tolkiens infinitely richer and more complex vision, there was enough there to justify the time and effort. Minor, yes, but not entirely uninteresting.
Bo
I am going on sabbatical from Blogland.
Like the true chamaeleonidae he seems to be he went on to say that he hoped the religious lobby would not fall out with him over the sanctioning of gay marriage - clearly Mr Cameron isn't saying that we need all the values in the bible, just the ones he agrees with at the moment; one wonders how Mr Cameron decides which values to adopt and which to ignore, perhaps he has access to a morality the rest of us don't, in fact I'm sure of it.
So glad I caught this evening's sky.
Now YOU GUYS!! Do it! Take your current Bio/Artist Statement and marinate it in Moxie!! It may not be appropriate in every single situation, but allow yourself to truly come through! Unabashedly! Say what you mean to say, tell people what makes you YOU. Because that is in fact what makes your creations a one of a kindbecause YOU made them. So tell the people how it is. I challenge you to write a new Bio! Even if you dont consider yourself an Artist or Creative.do it anyway! Tell the world who you really are, blemishes and all, and do it in a funny way!! Its actually quite refreshing. gives a good giggle, and can be something you cherish!
Well, I'm nothing if not willing to cop to a mistake! So here ya go!
non-state actors from obtaining
Today, I'm here to tell you about the third book on the "Blog Book Tour", and an absolutely FABULOUS giveaway that I am sharing with you only because there are two to give away....so after I win one, there will still be one left for one of you!
In iCant Take It, an unlikely partnership is forged with one common goal. Gibby and Mrs. Benson team up to break Seddie up.
It took almost an entire day to get them all done, but we did it, and they look great.
I remember, in the 1980s, when liberals were making fun of Reagan and his folks for saying nuclear war was survivable. They wanted to die in neat little piles. Now the democrats are talking about how survivable nuclear war is. Did that happen recently? This fall? Huh.
This morning I made a quick language arts activity to sort common and proper nouns. I didn't want to make this activity too easy, so I didn't include any capital letters in the sort. Nothing like a capital letter to give the answer away! The students just sort the bones under the correct heading. Then they would use a sheet of paper to record their answers, being sure to capitalize the proper nouns. I think I would then have them use each of the words in a complete sentence.
I linked to my favorite link party here:
and we have day after day of cold, cloudy weather.
B-Front; My mix will be Raw, but with fealing. I hope that I can transfer all the energy that I put into it, to the listeners. Al the new and favorites of mine will be in it. I hope that everyone will like it!
I have never understood Dr. Paul's opposition to abortion. Prior to entering politics, he practiced obstetrics and gynecology. Surely he must have seen first hand plenty of examples of pregnancies that never should have happened, but apparently his years as a physician just convinced him that every pregnancy should go full term, regardless of the circumstances.
Mental illness is also a product. The closer the blood relative, the higher the risk of schizophrenic illness. The increased risk of insanity may explain why more than 40% of the patients in Denmark 's biggest ward for clinically insane criminals have an immigrant background.
Crowley said she has been requesting that the wires be moved underground since she took office two years ago.
In the Coptic Christian church, divorce is rare. Couples who want to divorce must get special permission. Divorce is usually only granted in two extreme cases: adultery or conversion. This contributes to all sorts of troubling situations, such as the following:
Syp, I am honoured to receive this award and Ill truly think of it every time I shout I need a bio break brb in-game.
But while it lacks the design and architectural specifics I was looking for, the book has brought me something else. Yes, there is a myriad of Edwardian high society accounts, the fashion and the opulence, as expected. But to my surprise, the latter part of the book offers a greater appeal to me. I was fully absorbed by its massive archival information on The Great War, from the trenches in Europe to the battlefields in the Middle East, wartime to post-war politics, Highcleres involvement in international power brokerage, Georges brother Aubrey and T.E. Lawrences friendship, and the last chapters bring me to the archeological site of the Valley of the Kings in Egypt.
The Wheel is present and glowing in all its beauty if you are in mind to see it.
Next up was the University Museum of Zoology and then the Whipple Museum. You may be wondering why we stayed indoors today and the answer lies in the weather. The forecast was torrential rains and rain it did. At least indoors, we were kept dry. In the afternoon, we headed to the Botanic Gardens and when it started to rain again, we hung out in the green house. Not bad planning around the fickle UK weather, eh?
I also found this video called 32 which it turns out is a tribute to his brother.
Eminent domain
*Clay Davis voice* sheeeeeeeeeet.
The phrase smart growth has a liberal connotation, but that label is unfairly given. Smart growth policies benefit everyone. It is not a partisan issue; at least it shouldnt be a partisan issue. Conservatives often attack smart growth policies, but I think this is a result of a misunderstanding of the impact smart growth policies can have on a community.
In the recent past, people throughout the Middle East forced out Tunisias despot, killed Libyas despot, removed Egypts Hosni Mubarak from office, and are fighting and dying to get rid of Syrias despot, Bashar Assad. Both Yemen and Somalia are basket cases with tribal warfare the order of the day. Even the Iranians have demonstrated their unhappiness, taking away Amadinejads majority in their parliament. He recently abandoned his usual bellicose talk of wiping Israel off the map.
Unocal  which led a consortium of companies from Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Turkmenistan, Japan and South Korea  has maintained the project is both economically and technically feasible once Afghan stability was secured.
An evil is stirring in the depths of the Columbia River - one that her father's people may know something about. And to have any hope of surviving, Mercy and her mate, the Alpha werewolf Adam, will need their help...
What should we call G+casting in the stream? Comment below or chew the news fat with me in one of U_News regular on-air Hangouts at 11:00 am CST or 3:30 pm CST M-F. Or, chime in on one of our impromptu recorded discussions about the days news.www.gplus.to/komusarah . You can watch U_News live here. www.komu.com/streaming-newscast
I also had pretty shitty GRE scores. I totally abhor standardized tests. I don't know why but I find it really hard to do well in those kinda tests. I took the GRE twice with almost the same results. I was livid. I firmly believe that those scores do not justify me as a student and in refuse to pay hundreds to take yet another stupid GRE exam that I will probably bomb again (Am I the only who thinks that GRE is a get rich scheme?) Anyway, instead of taking yet another GRE exam, I worked around my GRE scores. I looked into schools that's not too rigid with GRE score requirements but instead weigh in on all the achievements you've got as an undergraduate.
It is good for you.
I didnt think theyd make me share a room. She said, spite in her voice.
I was really happy with my finish and Im hoping I can do that well in the harescrambles this year! Thanks to Enduro Engineering for their help!
Its true that corporations have helped our country in the past, but there is such a thing as too much of a good thing. The government has gone to the extreme, putting corporations ahead of the American people. The battle in Washington seems to have more to do with taking care of corporations rather than the needs of the people.
That anyone finds positive progress in Fiji is because it is real and because the Bainimarama Government has been working diligently to provide a better future for all Fijians.
Kimberly S. Bowers, 31, Islip, N.Y.
The box said ages 8&up but we all know how advanced my kids are so I usually ignore those guidelines.
The definition of a craft brewer as stated by the Brewers Association: An American craft brewer is small, independent, and traditional. Small: Annual production of beer less than 6 million barrels. Beer production is attributed to a brewer according to the rules of alternating proprietorships. Flavored malt beverages are not considered beer for purposes of this definition. Independent: Less than 25% of the craft brewery is owned or controlled (or equivalent economic interest) by an alcoholic beverage industry member who is not themselves a craft brewer. Traditional: A brewer who has either an all malt flagship (the beer which represents the greatest volume among that brewers brands) or has at least 50% of its volume in either all malt beers or in beers which use adjuncts to enhance rather than lighten flavor.
I love the way they look but they eat all the birdseed
It's a mad film, but its intense emotions are carefully controlled within a very rigid and powerful aesthetic framework. These oversized emotions, these bold feelings and words freighted with meaning, are straining against the boundaries of the Academy ratio frame, against the very form of the film which seeks, in vain, to hem them in. This tension is embodied in the jarring leaps between natural splendor and studio artificiality, necessitated at least in part by star Joan Crawford, a solidly artificial actress who refused to be filmed in closeup in nature. That might be a crippling limitation for a Western, except that Ray makes it into a weird virtue, adding to the impression that Vienna is always in control while Emma spirals into deranged hysteria. Vienna's saloon is cool and clean, almost clinical, its color scheme a uniform reddish brown, its large, high-ceilinged rooms almost always empty. When Vienna is filmed in closeups, they're glossy, beautiful images, the light shining almost entirely on her face so that her head glows like a spotlight in the dark void around her, the shadows falling so closely around her face that at times, when she moves even slightly, the lower or upper portion of her face melts into the shadowy surroundings.
Not all software, especially free software, is very good. So be sure that it gets a good rating at popular software download sites, that its supported, and doesnt contain spyware. Then you can get registry clean up free without adding other things to your computer that can slow it down.
My teapot is empty before the leaves have a chance to turn bitter.
Admittedly, i have been playing with you here. Yes, being mad is a state of mind and that state should actually be encouraged in another way. You see, being M.A.D. as the way i define it, is to always be Manifesting (an) Abundant Destiny.
Food -- She is eating EVERYTHING. We finally broke down and did a proper allergy test (blood test) and discovered she is allergic to NOTHING. She still might be lactose and gluten intolerant but its unlikely that she will carry those for much longer. With this news we opened the door to new foods and she is LOVING it. Every morning we both have eggs and toast. She would eat 4 eggs every meal if I let her. And for dinner she is able to nibble at some of what we eat. Its so fun to explore new foods with her....
Simply wanting all the attention as a point of feeling worthy of self Though this point of feeling worthy of self will also be challenged within a world of equality where simply by birthright one has access to all the necessities just like the next person, and no more will one be placed in a system where one develop complexes of unworthiness due to seeing others having so much more, simply a result of if they were born into a fortunate position or not. The point within an Equal Money System is to have every being that is born onto this earth, no matter where they are in the world be in an equal position/starting point as the next.
I hope you all had a great week. This weekend will be busy too. First thing Saturday morning Ill go exercise then there is a gun show in Deerwood and on Sunday a Trade Show in Brainerd plus our usual shopping and we also need to rebuild my mamas computer. Last night it got the black screen of death so we need to see what we can do about that. Hopefully can save what was on the hard drive and then format it or just rebuild it. Well see. So as you see, theres never a dull moment here and we do live the LIFE OF RILEY!!!
Doesnt it feel great to finish something?
For in my union with Christ Jesus! God has blessed me by giving me every spiritual blessing in the Heavenly World. He has put His stamp of ownership on me by giving me The Holy Spirit He has promised! Amen!
connecting worlds of women and men.
all 99 counties in Iowa and met people in person
3 Tbsp of pickling salt.
Chef: Or chains.
Whole-wheat pasta with tomatoes, feta and olives
3 oz. spreadable garlic herb cheese, such as Boursin or Traders Point Creamery garden herb fromage blanc
bringing life from the elements of that first dust,
Do you know of any other sites like this? Are you apart of any? I would LOVE to hear who you use, and why you like them!
-Less control over SEO as compared to Wordpress.
Simon - His natural shyness seems to amuse her and she will often go over to his desk and talk. Simon the gets incredibly embarrassed and has sent me secret text messages saying make her leave. Favourite Simon quote, "She terrifies me!"
Normally at this time of year we would be stuck inside, hiding from the rain stoting against the pavement. This year everything is crisp and fresh.
Many ambassadors rushed out of the room as soon as Mrs Clinton finished speaking, the Associated Press news agency reported.
This year we will be planting a whole bed of them in place of potatoes. Being native to the Andes, they are relatively resistant to UK pests and diseases, only a handful of them were damaged by worms last year compared with our decimated potato crop.The tubers can be left in the ground over winter, or stored at home in cool conditions and replanted in spring. I am a lazy gardener, or at least time constrained; and Oca look after themselves and were one of our few successes this year. If you can source the tubers I recommend giving them a go.
*Acceptance
Entry Method: Please use Rafflecopter form to enter.
All of Princess Margriet's four daughters-in-law borrowed the Ears of Wheat Tiara on their wedding days, as did Princess Irene's daughter, Princess Margarita. The tiara, which can be worn with varying numbers of wheat ears, is very subtle; so much so that you can hardly see it on some of these brides. It's a piece that makes sense for these ladies, as they are all a step removed from the main line of the royal family (Margriet and Irene are sisters of Queen Beatrix). Queen Beatrix's three daughters-in-law, on the other hand, borrowed more substantial pieces.
And though it's been near thirty years
I try to use wallpaper as much as possible in a larger home because I feel that you need to add the color, pattern and texture to keep it interesting. The wallpaper I used in the powder bath is from Hinson & Company a Deborah Danser Design Edo Pines and it looks fantastic. The colors are taupe and cream with a pewter background.
Would you ever hire such a person? Would you ever date them? Would you ever even talk to them? And would you, under any circumstances, and regardless of where you are on your own parenting journey, put that person in a position to actually be responsible for the well-being of anyone else, let alone a child? Of course you wouldn't. You would never tolerate it, would never even allow that kind of negativity into your life at all.
Most people got married in June, because they took their annual bath in May and they still smelled pretty good in June. However, since they were starting to smell a bit, brides carried a bouquet of flowers to hide the smell of body odour.
Katherine Jenkins & Mark Ballas  Samba
Im an over-thinker, and I always have been. Im the person that stays up past my bedtime because my mind starts wandering about why the world is here and what nothing actually means. Think about it. Do the universes/galaxies/etc just stop somewhere? And if they stop, what would define stopping? And if its just a vast amount of nothing, then what is nothing? See? Im doing it again. I get my brain all into a confused tizzy. Hence why Im Agnostic. I just dont know! But damned if my Sarah brain isnt trying to rationalize it.
place of safety as this day falls into the next as it always does, without
Brown, who gets nothing.
A deal with such investors or purchasers is not only in our best interests; it will help economic recovery by allowing us to provide the type and quality of commercial accommodation necessary to satisfy the needs of job-creating Foreign Direct Investment projects which continue to be attracted to Ireland.
I got this hostess stamp set this week and decided to get it inky straight away. I stamped the flower twice for each bloom and then added shading with Poppy Parade ink and a blender pen. The centres were cut out and popped up for added dimension. I layered the flowers on a die-cut circle from the Perfect Pennants die and added some Peach Parfait swirls.
Be merciful, as God is merciful
Deborah Lippmann - Whatever Lola Wants
Stir in garlic and saute for 5 mins. Add eggplant and cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat for 15 mins.
Ari is still bad-*ss but theres this instance that i found her incredulous. idiotic, even. Sigh. i would like my heroine to be confident and skilled in battle, but i do not want her going into one without proper arsenal. Ari, youre fighting a goddess (Athena, no less!), for goodness sake. The least you can do is make the capturing a little difficult. i find it rather insulting to have Athena slaughter you at her silver plate because of your stupidity.
Today, only a few monks are allowed to occupy the Potala Palace under strict supervision and Tibetan pilgrims are not generally admitted to the shrines. The Chinese government operates the palace as a state museum and has recently renovated the building to attract foreign tourists.
the sun and the moon
I would kill or die for my children. And I say that as a(n imperfect) pacifist. Saying that is an expression of love.
In other news, we have definitely started to look at life after the wedding. We are apartment hunting, and found a place that we love in Portland. Right now, the plan is that we will be moving out over Labor Day weekend, settle in during the week before the wedding, and then have a place of our own to return to after our honeymoon. In terms of long term housing plans, after the wedding we are going to focus on getting out of debt and saving up for a down payment. We want to be home owners in the next five years. Tom and I are also starting to plan our family. More on that after the wedding.
3) I debated adding this - but I think it needs to be said - don't propose unless you know the answer will be 'yes'. This should be self explanatory; but it's really just about being on the same page as your partner.
Hello there!
It was like a morality lesson for young women: rape was punishment for bad behavior, only bad girls get raped. If you got raped you must have been bad. It was the boogey man that kept us in line and working real hard at appearing to be good girls.
What makes this book so valuable? Is it because the lead author, Dr. Maxwell Leigh Eidenoff, was part of the Atomic Bomb Project at Columbia University and the University of Chicago?
The white paint is the same as the existing trim which we already had on hand. It is Sherman Williams Pure White. I would definitely suggest doing a coat or two on the boards before installing them. The painting process went a lot quicker because most of it was already done by the time the boards got nailed up.
through our body.
In the last quarter of the previous century, prior to Nechtans modernizing ways, two of the most powerful northern nations fought a battle which was to be a cultural watershed: Nechtansmere (AD685) was fought on Pictish soil at Dunnichen Moss near Forfar in southern Pictish heartland; a Pictish victory and death in battle of Anglian king Ecgfrith put an end to Northumbrian interference in Pictish affairs. The only small outpost of Anglian religious education at Abercorn-on-Forth closed and its monks retreated to Northumbria. The two nations returned to relatively amicable relations until the end of the century.
The causes will be widespread but will probably include wealth disparities, growing poverty, affirmative action and poor service delivery. Add to this the likely increasing loss of desperately needed skills as young professionals seek their fortunes in more stable societies and declining education standards on the back of ideological experimentation, increased crime on the back of poor policing, growing poverty, uncontrolled urbanisation and large numbers of Aids orphans.
Now, I have never covered up the fact that I am strongly pro choice. As long as the choice is the woman's/ the couple's, not the surrounding community's, and definitely not the treating doctor's.
Specs:
"Why should we care?" I hear you ask, and as always I have no reasonable reply, except to say that the B-side "Music Soothes The Savage Breast" is an unusual piece of orchestral popsike, and should be given a chance - unlike The Spectrum generally who, it has to be said, leave me somewhat cold with their other singles, although there are plenty of folk online happy to defend them.
What is the real Brooklyn? Osman tells us that it might be that question itself that needs to be questioned.
Next time: Stay tuned to see how it went at the Mesa Arch sunrise shoot. And, desperate times call for desperate measures. More to come!
In these last four years, I've gotten to know him inside and out. He's a positive, fun-loving, overgrown kid that is humored easily and just wants life to be enjoyable. His top priority is his family, and he lives and dies by his sports teams. He's a jack of all trades and can talk to anyone that will listen.
You can see how some of these guys might need it, the way powerful Japanese men go to Caucasian dommes to experience humiliation at their boots and whips. These spies go out on dangerous missions, theyre acting like he-men with their killing and torturing, but when they return to Britain, they need some reversal of roles. This is where a good domme clone of Emma Watson or Hilary Clinton come in. Kerry, too.
Sometimes the effort of wrangling cats and sick family means dinner from a box. Surely nothing to do with getting home at midnight last night after having one very potent glass of wine and talking about consciousness, psychology and TV shows for 5 hours.
Something Old
Be kind to yourself and take all the time you need to gradually make better and healthier choices. Your body is an amazing work of art. It has an intelligence all its own and is constantly struggling and striving to maintain optimal health. Do what you can today to make its job that much easier.
Garlic infused olive oil
5. Dance In The Smoke (White, Argent) 6:17
Would be one more mistake.
So never can you out think me.
she cant look, while he, guilty as usual, fearful, fascinated and uncouth, cant not.
I may be jumping the gun to the more serious part of collaboration here mainly because a friend of mine had been recently upset become someone they had worked with in the past took their original idea and used it to write a book and publish that book.
That this is what life is all about!!!
As much as I detest her wild behavior!
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
I know. I know. Sometimes that doesn't even garner a response.
Aiming for a simplistic look, since Jenny seems to wear little jewelry in her photo appearances, we have designed a healing stone necklace made of rose quartz for Jenny and of course we will send her a pair of our Golden Triangle Earrings just for a fun night out.
He looks in the mirror
How the heck do you handle it when people say "Oh my you must have your hands full?" I have three boys and I hear that CONSTANTLY. I'm so tired of hearing people say that!
So FYI all. On the fourth of September 1870, the Third Republic was proclaimed. Emperor Napoleon III had been taken prisoner by the Prussians, signalling an end to his reign but not regrettably an end to the war. General Louis Jules Trochu was named provisional governor of France but since Paris was cut off from the rest of the country due to the Prussian siege, it was actually Lon Gambetta who ran things from Tours. The Third Republic somehow survived the war and continued until the Nazis arrived in 1940.
Zucchini Coconut Flour Pancakes
I understand the position these people have over the topic, but where do we get that standing against same sex marriage is against the teaching of Christ? His teachings stated what marriage was, so there is not a lot of support from his sayings on this matter. When you look at the matter of trying to be loving, supportive, or nurturing, I am lost on if these actions are to be directed towards the person or a civil status. Christ never once taught on these things did he? Be supportive of a persons choice to marry? Yes, we are to be loving towards a person, but not their actions.
5. Crap water coolers, despite the heat.
-the change she's looking for to become a new 'her' (hello weightloss!)
Egg, 1pc (optional)
Start with the refreshing ceviche de pescado ($15), raw chunks of John Dory fillet marinated in lemon juice, coriander and chilli and garnished with slivers of red onion. Its a generous portion, especially with the steamed white corn, toasted corn kernels and a large nugget of cooked sweet potato on the plate.
I always say that myself here in this website.
If youre like most folks, you want to see everyone whos important to you as well as have some time for yourself. Its also hard to get things done when youre working every day. The main things you must do are:
KEY LIME-WHITE CHOCOLATE CHEESECAKE from Desserts From The Famous Loveless Cafe, page 154
Am I advocating becoming the enemy? No. I am saying the person who is robbing you has certain traits, attitudes, and background. That is all.
Age was another factor. Its always played a bigger than necessary role in my life rearing its ugly head whenever Id decide to be hard on myself for one thing or another.
Does this mean that I cant ride my bike during May?
Yet democratic movements spread like wildfire throughout the Middle East, youth movements come alive in the U.K., France, Chile and Spain, rebellion takes to the streets in Greece, and Occupy Wall Street wakes up the U.S. Dystopia and global rebellion indeed. This years conference theme focuses our attention on the problems and alternatives we face in our struggle for a just and better world.
Gal 6:1-2 (Phi) Even if a man should be detected in some sin, my brothers, the spiritual ones among you should quietly set him back on the right path, not with any feeling of superiority but being yourselves on guard against temptation. Carry each others burdens and so live out the law of Christ. Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
I hate having to rely on others to take care of me, even if for a short period of time.
there I said it...we are out of the closet
I felt like I hadnt done any updating of our house in a while. I wasnt really inspired and couldnt find anything I wanted, so there wasnt a lot of activity around here. I think I was using all my energy on recipes and Christmas gifts and whatnot. Now that I dont have that stuff eating away at my time, I am anxious to get back to home decor.
1 sprinkled
A fortnight ago, we posted on why we thought Ridhuan was kinda scary. Utusan on Sunday prominently highlighting his articles and the solid circulation figures that show the paper reaches, say, a million-plus readers  more than The Star, Sunday Star and The Sun  is equally scary.
And keeping with this simple fabric theme (if you can call eyelet simple) these eyelet pillowcase dress have me longing for the beach in summer time. I just love the classic feel of eyelet. It is so soft and beautiful. And the pop of color in the ties that these mamas choose is my kind of adorable.
i have worked since i was fourteen-years-old, when i started part-time at play-co toys just down the street from my house. i worked there until i was about sixteen, when i started working at my flavorite bakery (you know, its a combination of flavor and favorite  creative, yeah?). i still had summer jobs as well and even before then, i worked for both of my parents. of course, i think ive been fired by my mother more times than i can count, so i dont really include that on my rsum
I'm very anxious to start draping pine boughs throughout this old house.
Both parties who sign a contract should be fully aware that a signed contract is a legally binding document. Both parties must fulfil their agreed assignments outlined to the best of their abilities and most importantly be aware what is, and, what is not expected. Any shortfall should be either re-negotiated or the lesser party be recompensed.
Right after I lie down for a bit; my tummy hurts.
But that was three years ago when he first moved in after being appointed as the Chief Minister.
So this pudgy little bear is going to be okay with a little rumbly. And tonight if it comes back again, Ill be ready for it. Im going to have a lovely cup of of tea while I look back over my consumption diary and congratulate myself on sticking with it for three days. Not long, but a very, very good start.
I hate it when some bars use a cloth to wipe the top of the glass.
But are not the white dragons part of the overall dragon family?
I will be putting together care packages to send to our boys and girls. It really boosts their morale when they get them, plus they need really silly stuff like duct tape, carabiners, rubber bands, work gloves, batteries and lots and lots of toiletries.
I use YOSHIDA STYLE Ball Jointed Doll Making Guide to start this project. I had difficulty looking for it here in our country, I'm just super lucky that I have a friend in Japan who sell japanese stuff on facebook. She find one for me, although it's expensive, I didn't think twice to get it.
I was finally able to get to the fabric store this past weekend, and I picked up a zipper for the Burda dress, so now I have two active projects going. Hopefully I will have at least one finished project very soon. It's been awhile since I've had one of those, and I've almost forgotten what it feels like!
Also women like making a mountain out of a molehill. Sharing your love problems with another woman only makes it worse, because when two women come together, their brains combine to make a master plan which is directed towards making a man pay for the actions he did but is truly not aware of. This normally leads to devastation, followed by a cat fight and end of friendship between the two women.
as Honest men.
DO: Read as many books on craft as you did. It made you a MUCH better writer.
And as we stood on Devons down
Thought-provoking, funny and kind; this is a book that I wish I'd written!
To demonstrate to value of ecosystem services TapRoots will develop a portion of the courtyard of the new facility to function as an outdoor classroom. The outdoor classroom is designed to allow the students to explore the practical benefits of ecosystem services via analytic devices such as Decagons soil monitoring device. When the system is installed student will be able to access data points on parameters such as soil moisture, electrical conductivity, temperature and precipitation. Decagons software is easy to use and is unique in that it allows the user to view the data outputs anywhere in the US, Canada and Europe with an internet connection.
And putting the entry in decreases the odds for the other Applicants, all of whom met the Entry Requirements.
I got some of this fab fluffy stuff at the craft show and couldn't wait to have a wee play! I love it!
We have some sad news Monique and Marga are both leaving us, Monique has her own B&B and is so buzy with it now the new season is here and Marga is buzy with other great things and she also decided to leave us. It is so sad that you are leaving us girls, but we wish you all the luck in the world with everything you do. Linda is taking a sabbatical for six months so she can concentrate on her study and will be back later this year. Marion had a sugary a while ago and she has a new home so she is buzy moving and hope to be back in May.
For this meal we used filleted Petrale Sole from Trags Market in Downtown San Mateo  but feel free to select any white fish of your choice for this recipe! Also feel free to play up (or down) the amount of heat in the salad by playing with the amount of jalapeno pepper added. I was brave enough to use a whole jalapeno pepper for this recipebut it sure was spicy! I would suggest starting with 1/4 of a pepper to start and add more slowly until your taste buds are satisfied.
TDE owns and runs 73% of the power lines in Bolivia, providing 85% of Bolivians with electricity, according to the companys website.
As the pressure grew so did my defensiveness and I was like an alcoholic looking for a place to sneak a drink. Thank God for children, now I had an excuse for more TV time with Disney movies and Barney. I was prone to pine for "I Love Lucy" or "X-Files" but at least it was the wonderful noise that calmed my nerves.
And major changes take time effort and patience.
Then Ryan and I textured the ceiling and primed the room (Thanks for the ceiling texture how-to, You Tube!). Then we laid a wood floor (probably my favorite part of the room!).
Alright, so this is not exactly ocean news but I still wanted to say something about this pink slime issue. The news, my Facebook friends, and even my family all seem to be talking about it. So here is my two cents  why is everyone so incredibly shocked about this? The meat industry is putting ammonia treated filler into your beef and you are surprised? This is the same industry that only tests 1 out of every 2,000 cows for Mad Cow disease. The same industry that acknowledged that nearly ALL (95%) chickens become infected with E.Coli and that between 39-75% of chickens are STILL contaminated when purchased from the store. The same industry that gives your chicken a chlorine bath during processing in order to get ride of slime, odor, and bacteria. Knowing this is why I am not shocked at all by this pink slime controversy.
I think the colours and tones used here depend on the mood of the time in which the photograph was taken, as mentioned before, in relation to the happy and sad moments of their relationship. I think you can really feel the moods and get a good idea of what their relationship was like throughout. Its like a look right into someones personal diary, which is why I think it works so well.
Sunday. Coffee, sandwiches and love. Get some.
Hell say: Are you married?
What are your secrets to packing? Are there any?
The latest details to emerge include Guy Pearce (recently seen as Peter Weyland in the virus trailer for Prometheus) in talks to play geneticist Aldrich Killian. Previous casting details have included Ben Kingsley being talks to play the main villain, and of course the return of Scarlet Johansson, Gwyneth Paltrow and Don Cheadle.
He's a kind soul and on paper, a suitable match. And he has 20 inch arms, which for me is as big of a draw as a hairy chest! He is, however, kinda dumb. OK, not even close to kind of. Talking to him makes me feel like I'm speaking to a five year old. I find myself using very basic language and even then I get a quizzical look from him. Can people find happiness with someone who does not have the same intellectual capacity? Or is this just a futile effort on my part?
The story line of One Second After will probably not surprise you. The book is in the tradition of Alas Babylon, and as a reader, you will know right away where things in general are headed. So, the real questions are these: How will the main characters hold up under the strain? Will they retain their humanity? What kind of life will they be able to build for themselves?
Hail, hail to the newborn King
Could you imagine a clothesline being banned in 1950? With our global environmental "crisis", saving energy should be a priority for the health of our planet. Right? Now everyone is more worried about what their houses & yards "look" like, and don't seem to care if they pay $150.00 per month in energy bills. Where did our freedom go? Where did our senses go?
Yes, but its the reason why she left that has me in despair. Colonel Khrys knew his instinct was right. Sorlyna didnt leave because another man sparked her attraction or because she grew bored of his routine lifestyle (in fact, she enjoyed adding spice to it). She left because she never felt an emotional connection with him. Hed always been too busy forcing himself to make her laugh that she grew sick of his act - she was one of the people to identify him as goofy and obnoxious. She opened up to him many times, but he was too ignorant to recognize her struggle to connect with him until she bid him goodbye in anger. He hasnt heard from her since. She was the sun between the clouds of my life, he continued. I really miss her.
12And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.
With school starting back up for the kids I hope to have some more time to do some garden work that needs doing. There are perennials that badly need to be cut back and lots of weeds that seem to popping up everywhere.
Whether youre a boutique owner attending craft fairs, a retail company frequenting trade shows or a doctor who makes house calls, this app is for you.
A Galaxy Research poll, released 16 August, found that 53% of Australians who identify as Christians support same-sex marriage, while 41% oppose. 67% of non-Christians support it.
I love everyday
2 green chilly finely chopped
I can't believe it has nearly been a year!
It's funny what conversations come up when you're busy in the kitchen. During the course of zesting and dipping and frying the newly trained chef happened to mention that he wanted to make this meal for his new "friend".
Sara (Scottie Thompson) has it all. Shes a high-powered attorney with a successful boyfriend (Casper Van Dien), who is climbing her way to the top and enjoying life in the big city. Just after receiving the biggest case of her career and hints from her boss that the is on track to become a partner in the firm, Sara receives a call from her younger sister Lily (Madeline Zima), with shocking news that their father (Jeff Fahey) has died. Sara, with work in hand, returns to her childhood home on the enchanting Smith Mountain Lake to attend her fathers funeral and help her sister and mother (Jane Seymour) settle the family estate.
Tyler was in the NICU for a while after he was born. He was very sick- really long story. After watching someone else take care of him for weeks on end, I was getting antsy to take him home. I started making them show me how to work all of his monitors and tubes, how to insert, remove and fill them... the works. Finally they decided I was ready to care for him myself- but first one last blood draw. Unfortunately they had already removed his pic line as well as his other 3 IVs so they had to poke him with another needle. I thought I was tough so I watched.
Cucumber (half)
Charlene M. Proctor: Filtering life through old programming is a widespread experience that many people feel they are living life unconsciously. Their reaction to current day situations stems from past behaviors or experiences that prevent them from living a full life. Old programming is the carryover of emotional patterns. We inherit these patterns from culture and our families. Negative statements such as you are not good enough are examples. Religion is responsible for a lot of societal conditioning, as well as old traumas, dramas, or stories. This becomes a knee jerk reaction to living and results in a person living on autopilot where every experience is filtered through old programming. Many people empty, automated, and without life. Like machines, people are meeting their needs by focusing on task lists, logic, achievement, materialism, doing and not being.
I had a meeting yesterday with the team at Simon & Schuster, along with my agent Luigi Bonomi. They detailed the global campaign planned for COVENANT, and it is utterly awesome. I learned a huge amount about how the campaign is designed to produce 'tail-off', maintaining a book's prominent placing on the shelves, along with all sorts of details involving the television adverts, posters, on-line and supermarket promotions. The list was immense, and apparently regarded as one of the biggest and best debut launch campaigns ever seen ( in Australia ).
Machines, I tell you. That's the only word I can think of to describe Joseph's parents. They made another six hour trip up the road to help us tie up some loose ends around the house.
I was reading Numbers 12 this morning and was amazed at how God did the same for Moses. So, heres the storyin my words, of course.
And so, I joined the ranks of rudeness. I treated someone with disrespect. I am ashamed and embarrassed by my behavior. My husband tells me that I should acknowledge the lesson learned and move on. But I am a brooder.
2) The TNT DH is awful, New York Knicks @ Charlotte Bobcats followed by San Antonio Spurs @ Golden State Warriors
How do I know what is good? Empathy tells me. That which furthers life, health, beauty, biodiversity, freedom, compassion, love, fairness and justice is good. If I act with integrity in the service of what I love, if I take responsibility for my actions and the well-being of others, I will do good.
There is now a Fuhrer, Mein Kampf quality to this writing, potentially riling up one group against another.)But self-aware and self-loving blacks are not necessarily racist. In fact, blacks are not racist. This statement would have been lovely (though far from original) if it had read: self-aware and self-loving people are not racist. By stating the irresponsible, generalising untruth, blacks are not racist our scholar dichotomises and plays race against race.If they wanted to make an issue of racism, blacks who are accused of racism would demand an apology (and yet many groups such as the ANCYL and senior leaders such as Chuene and Winnie Mandela demanded an apology from the IAFF for being racist towards Semenya on the gender issue and they were proven so, so wrong. Chuene was lying all the time, using racism to try and cover his sorry arse. Note, Mr Memela, how I use a specific example, unlike you).
It was hard not to take personally, even though the whole thing wasn't my idea, and no one actually knew I was the coordinator. (Would that have helped? Maybe next week I'll have huge real estate-like signs printed out, with my grinning mug on them giving a thumbs up, advertising the Most Awesome Saturday Playgroup Ever, RUN BY MRS ACCIDENT!! Then at least if *that* doesn't work, I can take it to heart!)
This one reached the Top Twenty in the sweltering summer of 1975, but in Philly Ill bet it went way higher than that. Smart and ballsy, just the right length (2:14), and loud enough to drown out Jive Talkin playing on that dudes transistor over there.
Aria*
More importantly, a good show of support may keep these games in Colwyn Bay beyond 2013, and may also prove to some of the southern-centric members of the WRU, that supporting and developing Rugby in the North will be beneficial for all of Welsh Rugby.
Against the papacy, however, because of its errors and wicked ways, the first man, Sir Christian, has been aroused, and he attacks it boldly with prayer and the Word of God; and he has wounded it, too, so that they feel it and rage. But no raging helps; the axe is laid to the tree and the tree must be uprooted, unless it bears different fruit. I see clearly that they have no notion of reforming, but the farther things go, the more stubborn they become and want to butt their way through, and boast, All or nothing, bishop or drudge! I consider them so godly that, unless they reform or turn from their shameful ways, both they themselves and the whole world admit that it is not to be endured, and that they should betake themselves to their comrade and brother, the holy Turk. Ah well! May our heavenly Father quickly hear their own prayer and grant that, as they say, they may be all or nothing, bishop or drudge. Amen! They will have it so. Amen! So let it be, let it come true, as God pleases!
I don't like parking garages.
Spray or brush with melted butter, sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar mixture, and roll it up like a jelly roll. Place in loaf pans, let rise a second time as usual, and bake as directed. Ive made both loaves and rolls this way.
RELDATE : Apr-21-2012
14 every
However, I think Ruby makes important work, potentially highly effective work. I have no doubt that Ruby is a major artist  I happen to think he is a brilliant artist. Heres why.
and even though my lips dont move
Rating: *****
Hiermit habe ich coloriert:
Today the big boys were finishing up their first week at VBS. Babyboy and I ran some errands (the difference between errands with 1 child and 3 is amazing) and came home. I set the time for 60 minutes and attempted to race the clock and check off some lingering to-dos. I was completely oblivious to Babyboy as he played happily on the floor. Well, he was playing and writing. Writing with a pen. Writing on a chair. Writing on a white chair. Writing on a sacred, hand-me-down vintage white heirloom chair. And, it is not my chair from my side of the family. It is my husband's chair. Oooooops. BIG OOOOPS!
UPDATE: I clicked PUBLISH on this post at 7:40 a.m. today, then got ready to go for the 10:15 appointment for my annual eye exam. I arrived a few minutes early and had to wait, of course, so I picked up AARP the Magazine. Flipping through it, I started reading about gluten on page 18 because one of my grandchildren has to eat gluten-free food. I almost laughed out loud when I came across this sentence:
Dinner is quiet; your spouse has had the same kind of day as you, and is not in the mood to be kind.
For those of you who do not own a Kindle, you might be surprised to learn that Amazon offers a plethora of FREE books for the Kindle. Of course, what may be free today might cost you tomorrow, so you never know if your luck will hold - if you see it free, download it today! But, all this is beside the point.
Though I turned on to Pink Floyd later in my life as fan of alternative and progressive rock, I had been keenly aware of them on the radio as a kid. Later on, I could also always count on a few teenage friends who either had Floyd in their collection, if not their parents. Like the Beatles, I took them for granted, but I never failed to recognize their important role in the history of popular art rock. The mass of their work reveals a few bumps in the road, but they indeed merit this broad remastering treatment by EMI.
Brower was indicted in April 1980, along with Wilson and Terpil, for his role in illegally conspiring to ship the explosives with knowledge that they would be used to kill, injure and intimidate individuals. After pleading guilty and agreeing to cooperate with Federal investigators, he was fined $5,000 last December and sentenced to a five-year prison term, with all but four months suspended.
Cores were engaged, so I dont even badly about missing the move.
On the cover of my copy theres a recommendation from Time Out that sums it all up very neatly:
As you may realise, I have no memory of any of this, but from witness reports, for some stupid reason I was trying to argue/fight big Tim, then was all happy and I was carrying him around the bar (also carried Capa and Rei around the bar - this is with a broken back), then they all lost me, near the station.
Granddaddy was always thinking of us when he wasnt with us, sending us cards, gifts and money for special occasions. Once he sent me a gold watch, and I was so lonely that I gave it to a classmate named Gwen to try to secure her friendship. I dont know what I was thinking, because every time I was moved to a different home, I lost track of all of my schoolmates. I never told my grandfather what I had done.
On our to-do list is repaint the rest of the house (we did just the back when we were re-doing the pool deck), but that is certainty not something I'm wanting to tackle this weekend, at 39 weeks pregnant!
269 - Lamar Johnson
Nevertheless Mill felt that the main points of Benthams work were correct.
Incidents such as described by Chang Lih Kang recently seem to increasingly be the norm - where the fires of racism and hatred are openly fanned by civil servants who are supposed to be neutral (a condition not entirely fulfilled by, say, the Election Commission chiefs).
Chances are the moment Pakatan is declared the winner, there will be a red alert and the security forces moved into their respective positions to ensure calm. Obviously, they would be waiting for their latest orders from Najib. And if Najib orders a crackdown, then a crackdown there will be and all sorts of excuses engineered to justify it later on. Malaysians can expect to be betrayed by their armed forces. Their only hope is that the individuals  the ordinary soldiers and police officers  will mutiny and refuse to obey the orders of their UMNO-controlled bosses to kill their own civilian brothers and sisters.
So introduction over what have i been drinking over the past few months, there have been spouts of great beers found, bought and drunk. But really nothing spectacular unless your a student who loves fosters and caught the deal on in sainburys for the 10 pack of fosters for 6.40 happy students all round. Thankfully the Dram shop is still only a 50p bus away, the Rutland arms is my local accorss the road and the sheffield tap is but a strole down the road so there is a still a chance of redemption.
You see, you keep posting lovely pictures of your surroundings, of flowers and critters, and that made me wish I could have better pictures of things from around here, instead of the usual crappy ones that I post.
As proof that inspiration can come from unlikely sources, this entry has been brought to you by a line from a Foo Fighters song, Best of You: I was too weak to give in, too strong to lose. Best of You is my favorite Foo Fighters song (Monkey Wrench is a close second), but Ive never really paid much attention to that line before. Last night, however, the paradox of that line struck me as a clue to my current problem.
Last week I got a massive haul of KleanColor nail polish. I found a seller on eBay who was selling 24 bottles for $27 with your choice of colours. Steal? I wasn't sure about the brand as I'd never used it, but there were some interesting glitters that looked too good to pass up. Obviously, I went for it and now have so many glitters I don't know where to start first.
Your rejection letter from the BBC. The one that said youre not even in the top 10% of people sending them scripts. The one that said they didnt read past the first ten pages. The one that said youre about as funny as linoleum...
These are actually called something else, which gives a negative connontation with car bombs. Due to the offense of that name, abbreviated ICB, I've updated this post to reflect a new title.
Jacket: Paul Smith
Keith Emerson takes centre stage for the Piano Improvisations on disc two although dont go expecting gentle music all the way through as after all this is the man who regularly stabbed his keyboards on stage with knives! Karn Evil 9 is the other highlight and contains the immortal lines captured in the albums title (and also used on BBC TVs Generation Game when it was revamped by ELP fan Jim Davidson).
truffle oil, to taste
The other way is when I hear a song three times or more which is not in the charts. It always has some significance for me, although at times it takes a while to work it out.
T. = Tuesday
My son and wife are very angry, embarrassed walking with me on the road, he said. People call me a joker, a cartoon, mad.
The net result is a tax penalty on American-made goods and services of about 15%-20% versus foreign competition.
How many of us wish that we had a dime for every time we heard "God doesn't give us more than we can handle" as we are going through tough situations. How many of us have said it ourselves to a loved one while searching for comforting words? It is comforting to believe that eventually the trial will end you'll be okay on the other side.
Those that made her wings
 lb. Bacon
xx Hugs Lizzy xx :)
It's been a dry spell creatively for me for quite a while and I really was feeling little or no enthusiasm for jewelry-making. It was a rambling, blog-reading trek one day that landed me at Orion Designs Blog and Vicki Potter's Earwire Tutorial. Suddenly I felt a spark! I can do that!
My dad makes a quick, spicy sauce where my grandmother makes a slow, mild sauce.
"Ewww! I hate black jelly beans!"
It seems pretty clear that, in the situation that our subscriber presented, a separate loss the insured wants to adjust on a replacement-cost basis after the 180-day time limit outlined in the loss-payment section would receive the full replacement cost.
ONLINE JOURNAL ARTICLES
He has been so unimpressive in a Blueshirt. When he was on the Minnesota Wild, he actually had a little skating in him and a nice hard shot to justify his ice time. He was slimmer; quicker; and won every fight handily.
So, if the dish is chicken  that would suggest a light white wine. However, if it is cooked in a rich sauce then something heavier might well work better.
Another success for Besson, and might we see Pearce reinvent himself as an action hero? On the basis of his work here, hed make a good one.
ravens and evenings with friends. and dogs.
10.Dear Prudence (The Beatles cover)
Subtotal: RM 29.90
More than at any time in our generations history, these new foundations will be nothing like your previous ideas for life  perhaps even nothing like what you were planning to do as recently as 3 months ago. Trust this if this is your reality, as you are truly not alone. You are part of the world shift right now, and many others are riding the same sudden change crest of the wave that you are on.
Anyway. I started this post around 4:00 this afternoon and six hours later I'm only this far, so I'm going to stop here. Just wanted to say we're alive. I haven't read any blogs for weeks, but I still think about many of the little fams that I used to keep up with out there, and I hope you are well. I will be back, hopefully sooner than later!
OH, it was so good!!!! we were very full at this point, even though we had both managed to save half of our entrees for lunch today. we wanted something sweet (and who wouldn't?!), so we decided on coffee and this
The heating pads can be made by sewing two identical pieces of fabric together much like you would make a pillow, or you can make the top of the pad a little more interesting by combining different complimentary fabrics. I chose different fabrics for mine -- canvas-type fabrics purchased at Hobby Lobby -- and I really like how it turned out.
David Bowie sent a letter to the committee of Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame recommending that Mick Ronson should be inducted. Unfortunately, seeing that the Hall doesnt have good enough taste to induct the Cure, Rush and many others, we may have a long wait.
In love, in love you outrun the misery of your heart
Some information about Fashion To Figure:
Your local food pantry and community arts centers are also great options, especially if you want to give within your community.
What country would you want to be exiled in?
There are many examples of free education around the world. If everybody would have access to the premium education, such as the one on Bucknell, it would definitely change the world. Now the real question is: can you imagine free education in one of the worlds most capitalist country (US)? Will Bucknell ever be tuition-free and affordable to everyone?
Good grief.
I had some posts lined up to give you wonderful people, unfortunately, I had not hit save before my youngest son came over and decided to hit a few keys while I was in the other room getting dinner the other day. So, I'm winging it today, bare with me.
especially the buildings!! if you're into architecture & art, you'll definitely love Barcelona!
Eat, Pray, Love ~ by Elizabeth Gilbert (India, Italy, Indonesia)
I  you mom!
To my mind, the foreign mercenary story is just another of these unfounded rumors until we have evidence to the contrary.
* The person asked you to sign blank forms.
The next thing I tackled was under the sink. We recently remodeled our kitchen, and I have been looking and looking for the product that was "just right" to organize all of my cleaning supplies and stockpile of dishwasher detergent, sponges, etc. Let me tell you, it is harder to find something than you would think! I never found something that worked for us. One day I was browsing around on Pinterest and found a great idea for putting a tension rod into your cabinet to hold spray cleaners and it hit me. That was all I really needed! This way, the cleaners that I use everyday would be front and center, and I could use one side for my stockpile of detergent, and the other side could house my household cleaners that I use less often.
Todays interview is with Peter J. Williams, Warden ofTyndale House, Cambridge. He talks about his work and background in biblical languages, the reliability of the Gospels, internal vs. external evidences, the genre of the Gospels, the authorship of the Gospels, the Gospels as eyewitness testimony (link to talk here), historical methods past vs. present, oral culture and literacy in the first century, the dating of the Gospels (years vs. generations), approaching apparent contradictions, correcting substandard approaches to defending the Gospels, looking at morally difficult subjects in the Old Testament, tips for answering moral objections, advice on doing apologetics, and more.
Be warned and be ready for your worst nightmare.
Elf ... USA ... 9:30 PM
It is popular with people because they seek pleasure.
Of course, her smiles said it all; and we were truly happy for her.
Today's recipe is so quick and easy-to-make but tastes SO GOOD. Isn't it interesting that the simpliest of ingredients can make the best tasting food? Ham and potato soup is really inexpensive to make. I used leftover ham and the rest of the ingredients I either had on-hand or were very inexpensive to buy. Simple, wholesome, inexpensive, and great-tasting. That's my kind of cooking!
* my job- I get paid to ask questions, learn, and manifest solutions to problems. Nothing better than that.
So that in the end, I may bow
Another quick blog post today...lots to do!! I'll be back tonight to come visiting and leave some love. xo
Then it's time for the most important part: walking the runway. A couple of seconds before it was my turn, I got a little bit nervous  what if I fall down? But the moment when I stood there, with all those people looking at me, I felt very confident. 'Don't think and look straight ahead ' was all that went trough my head, only the moment when I turned around and walked away I realised that I didn't fell, and my shoes and dress were still at the right place! Great! Then off to the backstage again were I had to change quickly into the next outfit, time for the next round!
 Shekhar Suman, Bollywood actor & TV personality
 Food Storage: I added extra oats and wheat to my pantry this month. I want to make sure I don't get too low. I'm now at the point that I can rotate a bag from the co-op, to my freezer, then my freezer to the pantry (in a pail with a gamma seal), and my pantry to actually using it. This is at least a 3 month supply by my estimation. Next would be to go to a year long supply, but I want to shore up some other food areas first!
He called me after he wanted a break but I didn't pick up. I'm too angry and upset to talk to him. I...Maybe I'll try to eat something and pick up the pieces of myself that are scattered everywhere. I hate having puffy eyes from crying. I truly do. I'll be back tomorrow here. Yeah I'll be back.
Way they could have put that over sized
I have stopped expecting to make it through a meal without my son demanding "bites" of whatever I'm having (even if he has the same thing on his plate.)
Faythe Levine
Beyond them is the GW store, boxes of Forgeworld stacked behind the till, and behind me in this picture is the famous Bugmans Bar:
DW: Now a lot of people who read about this stuff online, the vast majority in fact  including most of the guests Jeff Rense or Alex Jones would have on  feel there is an incredible sense of futility.
Oh--wait--here's the slide show with his girlfriend, I mean dollfriend, I mean--er--uh--oh, never mind.
Full marks to UNISON's Local Government section for convening a meeting of branches from local authorities who are part of the "Co-operative Councils network" (http://www.councils.coop/) yesterday.
Beer Consumed During Writing: Velvet of course, had to sacrifice one for the photo.
. . . that of all the propensities which teach mankind to torment themselves, that of causeless fear is the most irritating, busy, painful, and pitiable.
And as is the case with all the good things I blog about here, Im not selling anythingIm just having fun sharing some of the inspiring stuff that makes life a little more full of wonder and joyand handcrafted all organic-ingredient chocolate is right up there near the top of that Sweet Life list.
What makes this years GOP presidential candidates so unremarkable is how oblivious and out of touch they are to todays America. As these rich, white men focus on impractical ideals like religion, gas prices continue to spiral out of control. As these rich, white men focus on impractical ideals like a war on porn (Mr. Santorum), the rich continue to become richer at the expense of the poorer. As these rich, white men focus on blaming President Obama for this countrys woes, none of them have offered a practical solution to solving these woes. As the face of this nation changes (which it is) and whites eventually no longer enjoy the majority status, can we collectively trust that these rich, white men have this countrys best interests at heart?
 The logical reaction is to run from the problem (challenge), as opposed to facing it head-on (1 Kings 19:3).
And, somehow, that's comforting.
Mothers, your teenage children also need that same kind of love and attention. It seems easier for many mothers and fathers to express and show their love to their children when they are young, but more difficult when they are older. Work at this prayerfully. There need be no generation gap. And the key is love. Our young people need love and attention, not indulgence. They need empathy and understanding, not indifference from mothers and fathers. They need the parents time. A mothers kindly teachings and her love for and confidence in a teenage son or daughter can literally save them from a wicked world.
But instead it became a beautiful heartbreak.
He eased her down. Thank goodness for the full moon.
York: Gingrich pretending to be statesmen
Yeah, I guess. You know, these are not cookies for me. They are for my friends and coworkers. And I'm a good cook. I'm not going to kill my coworkers with a cloud of Altoid sugar cookies. He's used to making giant batches in a stand mixer for a bakery. This is not a bakery.
It was my mother's eighty-eighth birthday on Friday. Much to my mother's fury, Adolf Hitler's birthday was the same date, April 20th.
Everyone enjoy your Christmas holiday
27th Feb 2012 Monday Covent Garden, Jubilee Market
The hardback is beautifully packaged with a gloriously tactile cover, featuring terrific and evocative art. The production values between the covers match that on the outside. Osama is a novel that defies expectations. A peculiar between-worlds narrative, detailing notorious acts of terrorism investigated by a classic noir gumshoe, its a mix that could have been an unholy mess. Instead, its a compelling mystery with a handle on the state of the world. Highly recommended.
This has given rise to an unprecedented level of media freedom. New media have enabled civil society, young people and communities to bring about massive social and political transformations by self-organizing, and engaging the global youth in the fight to be able to freely express themselves and the aspirations of their wider communities.
Papa and I talked about this subject a few days ago. He began to name people who are examples of those "under authority." He also named some that he felt did not have an attitude of submission in their daily walk. We should be known for our submissive spirit. Our attitudes and actions tell all. The opposite of this would be "pride and arrogance."
Something struck her head; Natalie yelped as white dust and plaster billowed to the floor.
For those centrally involved in it, this financial shuttle-diplomacy no doubts makes for a pleasing erection, and nervous hotel maids. But it is a displacement form of onanism: all of it is for nothing. The eurozone will not survive in its current form.if at all; and I am beginning to believe that if this nonsense carries on much longer (which, without a reality injection, it must) within two years at most UKIP will be a redundant political Party. Out of bad, as the Buddhists say, must come some good.
I can't even begin to express into words on this blog how hard this has been. Not only on me, but my sweet Dad who loves her so much and doesn't know how to make it without her. (But you will Daddy, you will. Momma would want you to, and Theresa and I both want and need you) My sister, who even though they didn't always see eye to eye, it was her Momma too, and my sweet wonderful daughter, who thought the world of her Grandma and who was my daughter's favorite playmate when she was a toddler! We are all in a world of hurt even still.
Im currently working on two YA manuscripts. I read loads of YA fiction. I lead a YA critique group. My whole life, for the last several years, has been about YA fiction.
Possession has been glamorize by Hollywood. The Exorcism is a reminder of how enthralled we can be over such things. But it puts the emphasis on a man called a priest to free the girl from the demon and the emphasis should be on Jesus. Only He can free someone who is controlled by demons. Yes, He has given believers authority to cast out demons, but it is only under His power that we can do so and you dont have to be a Catholic priest to do so.
This movement of Nonadanga has brought to the forefront the demands related to the condition of schools, hospitals, and drinking water along with the general developmental needs of the entire Nonadanga region. Nonadangas movement has brought to the forefront the demands  of the slumdwellers, hawkers and small shop owners  for the right to livelihood and right to shelter of those evicted from the fringes of Kolkata. Nonadangas movement has challenged the much-touted plan of converting Kolkata to London; it has put a big question mark on the pro-poor image of the government of Ma-Mati-Manush.
Three simple words can make a world of difference. Some people are embarrassed to say I love in case they are overheard, but no one should refrain from saying I love you for fear of being mocked by anyone.
Elsewhere, Jenny McCartney in The Daily Telegraph laments the passing of Cockney Rhyming Slang describing it as "obscure and expansive, relishing the playful drawing-out of speech" (scroll down to last item here). This is worth considering from a Language Change (ENGA3 and ENGB3) perspective, as there are many reasons why people use language and they're not always related to making things quicker and simpler, often being connected to wordplay and acts of identity.
clay toilet clog
Flaked hot smoked salmon-as much or as little as you like
In August 2003, our son was getting married at Lake Tahoe in California, so we decided to do a round the world trip, incorporating Mum-in-laws 90th birthday in England and then just carrying on round until we eventually arrived home almost two months later. It was a truly wonderful experience and as you can imagine, we visited some amazing and interesting places. Our journey took us from South Africa to London and then on to Rio de Janeiro. From there we flew to La Paz in Bolivia and then crossed Lake Titicaca into Peru. We then travelled by road to Cuzco in south-eastern Peru from where we had a very early morning start for our four-hour train ride to the town of Aguas Calientes, the gateway village to Machu Picchu.
On Oct 28th 2011
There have definitely been plenty of times where I have disregarded my PSP all together. My main problems have been with the shower. I am not a fan of the army shower (if I was, I would have joined the army). It has seemed like to much of a hassle in the mornings to monitor and time myself for every shower. I have pretty much failed this and switched over to just ball-parking my times. I am pretty sure most of them are longer than three minutes too. As far as the other pieces go, I have been doing very well, I like not having the extra dishes. Now if there are cups in the sink, there is no question about who they are My roommates cannot even try to pin that on me! The water bottle is great, I always have water, I have been drinking more, and I am not using/buying countless water bottles at the store, saving me money and sanity (I think that bottled water is the most ridiculous thing one can spend their money on).
I've found that it's easiest to have structured poems for the kids to practice with each day. I bind these in a little book to take home. Click here to download a copy of my poetry book. Many of these poems were inspired from the Dino-mite Poetry book. Others were found online.
Her name, as revealed to me, is Teeah  although Im not sure if that is her name, or the Tribe she was from. It doesnt really matter, because she wants me to call her Teeah. Tee  ah, with the accent on both syllables.
Back to prayer  it seems fairly clear that God actually does want us to ask him for things:
Later on....."The best 35 minutes at a gig in years. It hasnt let up at all."
Hope you have a great weekend
I see that to be the case here. That is what is different with this type of man. He expects nothing. His joy is in the worship.
Though I'm sure it can't be true in real life, the whole tone of the first part suggests to me that Collective Action is only for the absolutely most marginalised, through all the intersecting systems of the kyriarchy. Certainly, an effort needs to be made to organise such layers, but to the exclusion of all others? Well, that's my inference of Collective Action's position from their statement.
Now when I tell Uni I love you, I believe all four of these are in action. Though she is my closest friend, though I have a close family affection for her, and though (I believe) I desire the greatest good for her, I still desire her. Its not an either/or.
Finally, I listed the articles and poems I've written for Yahoo's Contributor Network in a widget to the side of my blog articles. Feel free to check it out from time to time...I currently have 6 entries to my credit. :-)
should come running by,
07. Epica  Dance Of Fate
*writing a teen program on RESPECT that will travel to schools, churches, teen centers
1074 **D-V/5/1990. And Are We Yet Alive, And See Each Others Face? Commencement Address, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992, above, pp. 699-706.)
7 yes
I couldnt really think of anything to say today. When that happens, there is usually something that someoneelse has said that needs to be said again, and I should stop ramblingkind of like the whole 80-20 Rule.
Wrote For Luck (remix, 1989)*
Bike - Supergrass  Turn Ons (good cover of Syd Barrets classic)
When drones were first used abroad they were primarily implemented for surveillance. Ultimately they have been used to kill.
Save $0.50 on Mr. Clean Magic Eraser
Happy Friday everyone :) Our challenge this week at The Outlawz Copic/Promarker group is our regular monthly Anything Goes....a nice easy one for you to play along with....hope to see you there.
Theyve brought flowers. Well chosen.
Where were you meeting? He jotted a note down on his pocket pad.
Moreover, both DDTC and BIS regulations define an export as including the disclosure (orally or visually) of technical information or software to a foreign person. Thus, a deemed export takes place when technology or software is released to foreign a person or national for visual inspection (such as reading technical specifications, plans, blueprints, etc.); when technology is exchanged orally with a foreign person or national; or when technology is made available by practice or application to a foreign person or nationals under the guidance of persons with knowledge of the technology. Depending on the nature of the technology and the country to which the technology is disclosed, releasing technology to a foreign person or national may require an export license (or in the case of ITAR possibly a Technical Assistance Agreement, depending on the individual circumstances).
* The finest bible paper remains hemp-based even today.
A reminder that there is still plenty of time to get your entries into this weeks challenge
The smallest, most familiar words,
My 5 steps this week-
Wednesday  Leftover bean soup, cornbread, salad
Here's the hard part. Pornography, fantasy, and masturbation go hand in hand. For males, you rarely have one without the other. So if a man tells you that he's addicted to pornography, it also means that he fantasizes and that he masturbates. It's gross to think about it, I know, but it's true.
The Complete Series of House of Five Leaves is an unforgettable and deeply engaging anime series that is unique from other Edo period stories we have seen before as it not brings Edo to life but also tells us a brilliant story. Like the manga that inspired it, the series is filled with appealing characters, fantastic animation and a wonderfully written story that makes this one a real Must Have for any anime enthusiast or a fan of Natsume Onos manga.
This week for FBFF we're talking about instagram and how it affects our blogging. Personally, instagram has done wonders for my entire blogging experience, from attracting new folllowers, finding new blogs to follow, advertising my etsy business, meeting new friends, and last of not least advertising what I currently have on the blog!
Hi all. its Lols here this week filling in for Dawny :-) I hope you're all fit and well and are ready for another fab theme here on the Papertake Weekly !! Thanks to everyone who joined in with Dawny's fab sketch last week , all of them were fabulous ,,,, such a talented lot !! :-)
buffeted by the philistines.
"Ziggy man! How you doing?"
I do subscribe to some other relationship sites on my Google Reader. However my Google Reader is so full of unread blog posts that I often just tune off altogether. So the best way is still to subscribe to a newsletter.
For the next thirteen Summers, Treadwell camped in parts of Alaska where the amount of wild bear activity was at its highest. He called his first camping spot the Grizzly Sanctuary where day in and day out, he observed, photographed, and even touched and played with bear cubs. He did not carry any self-defence items, not even a can of bear mace (he did this once and used it once, and felt so horrible about the pain he caused the bear that he vowed never to do this again), and claimed that he was able to create a mutual friendship with the bears. Due to his camping in the same spot for many season, he saw many of the same bears every season, watched them grow up from bear cubs, even named them, and for these reasons firmly believed that he developed a friendly and respectful mutual relationship with them.
surgery went not as expected - easy - turns out a lot of cutting, drilling, chiseling, ect. was getting done to get the new knee to "fit" - but all in all - everyone is unexpectedly surprised how well my Dad is doing - walking on the first day - not complaining - doing his PT pretty easily considering - the next 2-3 weeks will be torture though - this is when he goes into rehab (still down the shore) for intensive physical therapy ..
"That this Conference, fully appreciating the efforts made by the International Association to unite in one common bond of brotherhood the working men of all countries, most earnestly recommend to the various societies here represented, the advisability of becoming affiliated to that hody, believing that it is essential to the progress and prosperity of the entire working community."
The first one is also a good reminder for me with respect to my nephews and is something one of my BFFs has often reminded me of when we talk about the role that I am fortunate enough to play in my nephews lives. Juli always reminds me that every kid needs just one person to believe in them, to take an interest in them, to be a role model for them, to encourage them. Then, in the event that I havent connected the dots, she says, You, Narmin, YOU are this person in your nephews lives. Got it?
Christmas is coming...
I'm going to guess I'm 5 or 6 here. I'm pretty sure that's a fake smile I'm sporting. Could it be due to the fact that I'm sitting on the lap of one of the creepiest looking scarecrows? Are scarecrows not scary enough without monster alien type half masks on them? I guess not.
Many people think that prices in Japan are extravagantly highbut, just like anywhere, locals know where to go to get the best deals.
What made me so sorrowful? It was pointed out to me that my heart is not perfect and the truth of it makes me mourn. Its what I want MORE THAN ANYTHING and it cuts cruel and deep, Father, please cover my imperfect heart with your breastplate of righteousness. Can I bear the Kings armor till he purifies my heart?
Without my love
Sex and Candy Marcy Playground
a river of stone
He has missed you
Erin Daddea: Everything is great. There is really nothing bad about SanDisk Sansa Clip+ 4GB Indigo MP3 Player SDMX18 .
Oh.
Music Consultant, Music Producer & Author Loren Weisman works to help, assist and consult independent artists, musicians, bands, labels & managers to achieve sustainable success.
As his parents, allow Keri and I the joy of being used by you to point Peter to Jesus and lead him to his saving arms. May our sins and shortcomings never serve to harden his heart to you, but rather help him see that you are truly the one he needs beyond all others.
Through this collective exercise in metacognition, the teacher helps the students confront the meaning of learning and draw out its connotations.
Im kind of nervous about meeting his family though. What if they dont like me? Im sure they will. Im a really interesting person. Wouldnt it be funny if they couldnt speak English? Then what would I do but my other friend said they DO speak English in Greece. They just spoke Greek before there was English, which makes sense. And anyways, it doesnt matter because he speaks English. It says so on his page.
I was also surpirsed at her first language is French!
"It's a balance, like everything in writing of course," I mused.
The long dark nights of winter, and the cold are the seasonal abyss (as much as night and the new moon are). At least for those of us at high enough latitudes that we see snow and noticeable changes in the length of the day. The winter is a time of withdrawal to the indoors, hibernation, austerity as the plants become dormant and animals less active. It is as if much of the world is dormant, asleep and dreaming. It is a time of the unseen spirits.
Like eagle that Sunday morning
Beef, cheese, and noodle bake with clementines
A similar provision relating to trade marks allows national courts to grant Euro-injunctions in favour of trade mark owners (Article 98 of the Community Trade Mark Regulation). The extent of jurisdiction on Community design infringement depends on the international jurisdiction criteria stated in Article 82 of the Community Designs Regulation. Article 82(1) states that infringement proceedings
Indeed. The reason I haven't posted a blog since the New Year has been that I've been consumed writing my latest book, which, I'm happy to report, is turning out to be every bit as agonizing, soul-crushing, and demented as my other three.
If you want to turn these into a burrito, Ive done that by making some rice and once its done mixing in coconut oil to make it nice and flavorful. You can add peppers, onions, and other veggies in with the sweet potatoes if youd like! Just throw them in towards the end of the roast time, since some potatoes usually take longer than other veggies.
Well, there won't be any celebration today. Just a nice quiet day for me to rethink about the past and try to visualize what the future may bring. But most of all, to pause and remind myself of life's littlest wonders and magic to be thankful of...
Betty, I do not have an email address to contact you.
What about it?
Authors note 16 December 2011: When this was first published quite a few people thought it was autobiographical. It isnt. This was a piece of creative writing. I started with the phrase Blues in the Key of Bourbon running rings in my head. I wanted to capture the thought and look deeply into it to discover its secrets. Below is what I discovered.
This entire operation of The Daleks seems a bit overly-complicated. The concept is that by putting Jamie through a series of trials, they can isolate qualities that make humans unique and able to conquer The Daleks. This is all well and good on paper, but actually sitting through it gets a bit old. Maybe it would be better if the episode still existed, but I cant help but wonder if what I imagine is probably better than how it was realized. Perhaps my boredom with the trials shows my own lack of imagination. But I also think Im marred by being part of the generation that grew up with video games, and all I can see is an 8-bit Scotsman making his way through a series of levels, avoiding traps and pits and Daleks. One level ends with Jamie having to fight a Turkish Wrestler, but if you defeat him, you get the ability to summon him in battle. If I had any skill with Photoshop, Id try to recreate this image. Evil of The Daleks the game.
Ah, but my favorite find of the weekend had to be the videos that were provided for Karla May's edutainment by a friend of hers. I herein present to you an excerpt from the "Girls Night Out Club Dance" instructional videos:
81 A Christmas Carol  Charles Dickens
Unfortunately there isnt a great deal of choice. There is the Robert Burns Theatre, which has a small screen, cramped seats and doesnt sell popcorn. Or you have to go further afield to Annan, which from Castle Douglas is over 30 miles away and still isnt that wonderful.
Planners, researchers and their ilk love to take a little information and turn it into a heroic vision. Beware of this. Most valuable insights are small and contingent. There is almost nothing you can say about human behavior that is universal. Including this.
So I'm throwing my hat in the ring and announcing my candidacy for President of the United States. The 2012 elections are coming up and I'll need to start campaigning soon.
4.In chapter three Tristan is delirious with pain and fever. What images appear to him? Who are Tristans enemies? Why do they want to stop him?
The phone rang. Serendipity. And yippy. I answered and it was her, squawking out,Well where the fuck have you been, hiding out with trolls?
Truth lies, Hassan. It is always masked by words. As a storyteller, you ought to know that more than anyone else.
I wonder how long till iPhone really will have sex with you and then we wont need humans for anything except to respond to our texts
Whether you're a seasoned card maker or have never made a handmade card in your life, then these card kits from Sweet Tooth Scrapbooking are for YOU! These two ladies (Cindy and Shelly) have thought of EVERYTHING.......right down to the last tiny detail!!! Everything in the kits are pre cut so all you need to do is add adhesive! Also included in each kit is a step by step instruction sheet with colorful examples so you can see what your cards will look like before you even add the glue! Now I ask you, can it get any easier than that....I think NOT!
"Mom, why is there traffic?"
I don't think it's a big secret that I've been dreading this dish. When I first started this project, I had no idea I'd even make it this far, and now that I've survived deveining foie gras and cutting the faces off soft-shell crabs, and eaten an oyster without passing out in a pool of my own vomit, this dish was inevitable. I've been putting it off long enough. Time to face one of my biggest culinary fears head on ("apply directly to the forehead") and just do it. What's the worst that could happen?
Then my "You need gas...like NOW!" light came on, so I had to stop and take care of that. I was so flustered that I put my gas purchase ($48!) on the wrong credit card.
We are right to express outrage at what seem to be the racially-motivated murders in Tulsa, Oklahoma last week and what seems to be the racially-motivated killing of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida. What shouldn't surprise us, however, is the virulence of race prejudice in our country. For most of our nation's history--save the last 55 years--there was little equality in law, in schools, in marital relations, in our government, in the military, in society and in opportunity.
Bow was made from ribbon from stash and sentiment again was from red hot bed
I still feel the same overall sense of disappointment. I was promised a job title change, changed my behaviors at work, and have not been recognized with the title I was given. Not only that, but when I asked to get what I was given, they had to think about it. My loyalty to this place has plummeted. Im still committed to my programfirmlyand will see my projects through. But I am not feeling particularly invested in staying for the long term. To be fair, I never really have been; Ive never seen myself as being at this institution for my career. I miss schools of education and people who know how to talk school: people who appreciate teaching and learning and human development.
Starring: Florence Henderson ("The Brady Bunch"), Donna Mills ("Knotts Landing"), Pam Grier
So, do you think I can pull off another 12,500 through the month of December?
questions the tagger posted for you and create 11 new questions for the people
We ended the chat with "The Cat in the Hat." I guess I can read to her again. It made me smile.
Sandwiches (cream cheese and raspberry jam, cream cheese and cucumber, and cheese), cupcakes, Macaroons (I hear macaroons are new cupcakes), Meringue cookies, Strawberry Pocky, Chocolate Covered Strawberries, Cake Balls, fruits, wafers, frosted animal cookies, Strawberry Oreos and mini jelly cups.
**Make sure to set up your paper in the pattern you desire before adding the letters to ensure you glue to letters in the order of the pattern you choose**
Pep, you have inspired me beyond words. And I will miss you every weekend, directing and comandeering the best futbol team that has ever existed. Because of course, Bara without Xavi and Iniesta, Puyo and Messi would never be the same. Barcelona without Pep won't be the same, but life continues. The mark of the leader is more noticeable when they're gone. I know Pep's legacy will extend for years, if not ever. I'll certainly remember him always.
And what about the 22 children he is said to have fathered over the course of his life? Should I include them, too?
Also they sell a mixing set tools to mix the inks in well mannered.
Turn mixture out in the prepared tin and push firmly, flatten with the wooden spoon (or wet hands).
Rules(Follow them)
Stay-in-jail strategies work best with larger numbers, but they do not require unanimity to work. We want to encourage people to do actions whether or not they can stay in jail afterwards. Solidarity is no longer effective movement building if the costs of an action become so high that only the extremely heroic or the chronically unemployed can do actions. When people feel judged or coerced into solidarity stands, they often react against the whole idea and may be reluctant to do future actions. When people feel supported in their choices, they will often make great personal sacrifices to support the group.
I got started on a new painting. It's just the beginning, but I like where it's going...
Kegged: TBD
I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. Jn. 8:12
I am awed by the synchronicity. I suddenly remember the night many years ago, when Gem scooped our three year old son, Nicholas, from his bed and carried him wrapped in a blanket, outside. There we stood in an inky darkness punctuated by countless twinkling stars. Nicholas, awakened to a new sense of dreaming, stretched an arm out towards the sky. That was only the first of many star-watching sprees shared between father and son. Now, holding in my hands tangible proof that this unalterable language is being bequeathed from my son to his daughter, I am filled with immeasurable tenderness.
And so two (later three) lost souls find themselves through finding each other, and this magical adventure begins.
566 ***D-Summer/1967. Memorandum on No Previous Restraint. For Helen Vlachou, Greek Publisher, Athens, Greece. (Incorporated in Item B-1, above, p. 680 (1971), and in Item B-5, above, pp. 513-14 (1992).) See Item C-1986(3), above, p. 645.
I couldn't believe how chchchilly it was here this morning....29...yeppers...I said 29. I know for some that's nothing but for a place where flip flops are the norm....well....do you know how hard it is to wear your flip flops with socks? Ms Peaches was purrrfectly comfortable but then I would be too if I had a luxurious fur coat on. HA Wouldn't that be a pretty picture? Me in a fur coat (would have to be faux though) and flip flops with socks. I could start a new trend. Nahhhh...I'm weird enough as it is.
Still cool and a bit damp, but I know it will heat up again soon.
Antropologie, your stores have provided many Americans with fashion/style rehabilitation.
Assorted Flat Back Pearls
So, today's post is simple. Lets turn up the volume and enjoy the music!!
So, I'm just going to sit back and savour the last few drops of what some say is the single greatest beer of them all.
Father, we come into Your presence with thanksgiving in our hearts and give You praise. We ask you to be merciful to our land because You are a loving, forgiving God. You have called on us, Your children, to be a people of prayer, devotion, and denial of self. We pray for our land to repent of neglect and defiance of Your holy commands. In the name of Jesus we come against the powers of darkness that seek to engulf the light of Your salvation that brings help, hope, and forgiveness to sin sick souls and secures their eternal dwelling in heaven. Help us not to grow weary in our intercession, for we want to be faithful in prayer so that, at a future date, we will witness the harvest of souls. We pray for Your will to be accomplished in the Name of Jesus. Amen.
Judd's office and lab were on the corner of building twelve, the McMillan, and somehow the walls were standing, but the roof was blown off and presumably the second floor had fallen in. He didn't have a good feeling, but Xi was positive about a signal, so Judd climbed into a open window and started poking around in what he thought was his assigned rooms. His SomCom floated over to a pile of rubble and excitedly bobbed. Here, and here. It zipped over to another heap. Here here.
Tempest by Julie Cross is the first book in what will be a trilogy about a young man, Jackson, who can time-travel. It is an innate ability he has, and the only people who know about it - or so he thinks at first - are himself and his science-geek friend, Adam. He and Adam do "experiments" to try and learn as much about the physics and the concept of time-travel as they can, and Adam encourages Jackson to keep a journal of notes about each "jump." One thing they have noticed from these experiments is that nothing Jackson does when he goes into the past ever changes the future - their present. But when two men burst in on Jackson and his girlfriend, Holly, in her dorm room, everything changes. They seem to know who he is and what he can do, and Holly is shot.
I rolled the edges of the paper and added embellishments that have connection to the dress and to the program music. Their music was a collection of bicycle songs including "Bicycle built for two" and Queen's "Bicycle race" The swirls on the dress are not black but dark purple. I added few daisies to match the daisies on the dress and a small bicycle tag to remind Lila about the music.
I got my first Sophie Kinsella's after i watch Confession of A Shopaholic movie years ago (when was it??). I bought the rest within the last 2 weeks, and i 'khatam' all of it already.
Ill let you know as developments occur. But right now Im going to try to articulate what I hinted at in my prior post: the Big Changes in my outlook on life.
SURSUM CORDA! Lift up your hearts!
Good communication is essential and has always resulted in good business dealings as well as securing lifetime clients. Sometimes in order to communicate efficiently one must do so in the language of those we serve. It is not a matter of not being true to who we are and our origins, but expanding who we have been up to now as a business entity, in order to reach a broader market. It is good business, therefore it makes sense now more than ever to translate our businesses and services into Spanish. This is especially true for businesses offered at a national level.
I worked almost 65 hours this past week just to make it work. It was a tiring week and I can't say I ate the healthiest. Honestly I can't remember what I ate but it was a very stressful and crazy week.
Self says it must have been very emotional finishing Riddley Walker, but as if that werent enough Russ then goes and has another epiphany in Galilee and writes Pilgermann. How did it feel to move from Riddleyworld to Pilgermann-world, which is by no means that jolly? That was in my high-energy period, says Russ, summarising the inception of Pilgermann during a trip to Israel. I like that book a lot... I had a good time writing it. I did a good Pope, Uncwit the Seventh or something, who had some pretty good dreams! He laughs cryptically.
(Soundtrack to my sunny morning walks into university-Cosmic Trip by Air)
* Envelopes must be sealed until opened by a store employee. Open envelopes will not be honored.
Six different malts and one hop at 4.8% abv. This gravity takes it into the "Northern brown ale" catagory which suits me!
9. A perfume that, when spritzed into the breeze, carries itself to the nearest non-gardening neighbors, and infects them with a rabid desire to not only beautify their property with plantings, but to haul off the rusted-out snow machines and ancient truck on blocks. Im still mulling over ideas on a name for this miraculous scent. How about we go halvesies on the patent, Santa?
I will let y'all know tomorrow if my chicken was a success. I hope everyone has a great day :) Booo this rain & humidity. I am SO over it. Sucks it is supposed to be gross all weekend too. I am heading to my college town this weekend to visit my great friend, Andrea. I am really excited about our girls weekend plus I just LOVE everything about College Station. It immediately puts me in a good mood. I would hands down move there tomorrow if I could. Bye friends.
a) The rights of Madeleine (the third Applicant) to her moral and physical integrity and to a fair and adequate investigation into her disappearance, in the future;
21. A Man Is In Love
"Wow, Mom," she replied. "You look great for sixty-one."
Seriously, it was worth it. (For the full recipe, buy his book, Mexican Kitchen, as the man deserves every cent of his royalties.) The pasilla chiles had a bitter flavor that tasted almost like ash when I first ground it up into a paste. It had me considering a last-minute pizza delivery order. But it magically took on an amazingly smoky, rich flavor as it cooked and absorbed the flavors of the meat and the broth. Even before I added the honey, it tasted insaneI had been crazy to consider pizza. When I added the honey, my head exploded. It was like Emily Dickinsons definition of poetry, except it was pork.
By the telephone,
Just once!"
Just do it. you wont be sorry.
Beg dc cluster: ch 2, dc in same st. Counts as one st.
It poured down, traffic problems on the M1 interfered, Twitter updates were difficult, but we got it done.
All of that is really just a build up for no Bobby Flay today. However, I was looking through my food porn, and forgot about all the awesome things I tested for Vegan Pie in the Sky! Yay! I seriously heart Isa and Terry. They are, indeed, the best. I got to meet them in person at VVC and they were cooler than cool. Enough glowing...onto PIE!
One last gesture of anger from the broken protest: two men start chanting We all live in a fascist regime, but it doesnt catch.
Equality or segregation.
At the moment, they're stacked between my two camel chairs and I love the way they contrast the neutrals! I found these stools at Target, but I know that Ikea has some very similar ones, so their affordable price makes them a perfect candidate for a paint makeover. If you could do them in any color, what would you have picked? What project would you like to tackle as a part of National Painting Week?
"Where do you think the term pissing match came from?"
faith.
Stan has a wonderful inspirational blog.
I'm still processing that visit. I love that girl, (I'll call her Alex for this story) she's so vibrant, yet here she sat with most of that hiding away. It was a supervised visit with her mentor/counselor. She introduced herself and told us all about the place where Alex is staying and then moved several tables away to let us talk. We met a coffee place.
Within a few days, along with being horrifically sick from the chemo, I experienced what to me was a very violent miscarriage. I'll spare you the details.
It is on going, and I know peace wont soon arrive
(Always Waining on his way to winning the Topham)
Have your friends collect your records and then change your number
I need to see them in the teaching environment so that I can determine if its suitable, I said, waving the frozen chicken at his front door.
fascinates me. You have to use very strange language to
The whole process was pretty hellish and the result? Ooft! I look like I've got something wrong with me. Well, I probably have lots of things wrong with me but never before has it seemed so apparent.
There were also 4 duet performances all were good, but the Jessica/Joshua duet was outstanding. They sang Aretha Franklin and George Michaels I Knew You Were Waiting For Me and it was really good. She seemed to play off of his energy and soul.. and answer him each time. Really cooool. The others, Skylar/Colton, Hollie/DeAndre, and Elise/Philip were good, but not as noteworthy as the Jessica/Joshua duo.
1 c frozen green beans
What does that mean for policy? It means unilateralism. You see the Danes putting up restrictions on the Schengen agreement. You see the Dutch PM talking about tossing out member countries from the euro zone. And you see lots of western Europeans talking about the coming wave of immigration from Bulgaria and Romania with dread.
Former research colleague questions whether Jules Hoffmann deserved this years Medicine Nobel Prize. http://bit.ly/sNZHZU
FAMILY MATTERS: Theres quite a bit of shark gore here and a few choice bad words.
This shot was taken with my point-and-shoot camera. No filters, no Photoshop, no fancy footwork. I love it! I hope you do, too.
What to do next? Well, in about a week I will be heading home to visit for the Labor Day weekend. This will be the first time I've seen everyone since left. I leave here Wed. night, August 31st & will be home until early evening on Tuesday, September 6th. I'm going up for Mom's birthday. I'm excited to see everyone & hangout with family & friends. Mom's been telling me about some of her ideas & it sounds like its going to be a fun time.
Tim Gaffney was the PIO for the Pinal County Sheriff's Office and without my permission used my photographs in a controversial letter addressed to several mayors in Arizona border cities. Again, we have law enforcement officers betraying our trust. Tim Gaffney is no longer the PCSO's PIO. Gaffney was promoted and a new "propaganda minister" was hired from a local TV station.
Can you spot him in the corner and see how happy he is? This little elephant squeaks, and George brought it on our walk this evening, squeaking the whole way. He kept dropping it on the trail in front of me as I walked so that I could throw it to him. All in all, a most pleasant way to come home.
a few drops of tabasco sauce
The birdies aren't looking much different today. Most of the growth seems to be in making feathers. I'll lock up the cats and take them all out for a photo shoot tomorrow. So, I'll leave you with a picture of Herbie dozing with his head by the doorway after his morning outing.
SoftSwim: Softswim is similar to chlorine but different in that it kills bacteria differently. Softswim acts as microscopic fly paper. The bacteria (and algae) are attracted and stick to it where they die. Millions of other microscopic particles also accumulate on the it and the chemical is ultimately trapped in the filter. These sticky particles accumulating in the filter make chemical cleaning of the filter essential. When adding Softswim to your pool or spa be sure to follow the manufactures instructions.
I cant believe Im saying this,
He says that because GMO is now so common, and non-GMO fields can be contaminated with GMO material, it may become impossible for the distillery to remain GMO-free. Other distilleries are having the same issue.
6 large servings
Today Johannesburg appears to be a run down shanty town with decrepit buildings, boarded up windows, filthy garbage riddled streets and squalor everywhere.
4. An Hani A Garan
I would have to agree. Her Princess Amelia had a green baby dragon as a pet, which all the children were introduced to; a rather cute touch.
says: As she kept on praying to the LORD,
So if you put GDT after your name when you enter this challenge, and you are lucky enough to get chosen you will be asked to design two cards which will feature on the Midway posts for the next two challenges. Full details will be sent to the lucky person on the day the next challenge goes live - so remember to watch your inbox!!
I suppose Im beholden to discuss The Boss new tune in this space, but I have only listened to it once or twice. The jury is still out, as far as Im concerned. Its not a bad song, it just seems a little heavy handed. While not as big a Springsteen fan as most of you that read the Five, I still felt the absence of Clarence at the close where his solo clearly should have been.
It was a nice change. But I decided to do some more painting anyway. Just a wee bit.
Any who, I have been meaning to post this layout that I did for one of the challenges over at S4A. If you haven't stopped by yet, then you should...there are tons of scrappy challenges going on over there.
STEVE GUTTENBERG (The Big Green)
Between my two showers there was only a small handful of things that we actually had to go out and buy. So, this week we got all the last minute things that we need, have washed clothes ( I love the way Dreft smells), organized the nursery and put things away. All of this last minute nesting has been such a blessing but has stirred up many emotions in our house. There were a lot of things that we had purchased or received as gifts for Harper that we never got around to washing, folding or putting away with care in a nursery that was initially prepared for her. So as good (GREAT!!) as it feels to be prepping for Pooh, there is still plenty of grieving for all of things that we missed out on with her big sister. The complexity of emotions is amazing to me, so happy and sad all at the same time but still so incredibly blessed.
2. inking it with a soft lilac Studio G ink
This woman! Charles thought, smiling to himself.
The years have passed by, and two of our kiddos have flown the nest, with a third in college and the youngest a sophomore in high school next month.
If other community can do it why not us? said Brian who is also the chairman of the DAP think-thank, Dayak Consultative Committee.
Friedman: America has lost the ability
I'm a huge fan of the series, which starred Gregory Harrison, Heather Menzies and Donald Moffat, and am very excited by this news. With this much-desired and highly-anticipated video release, I'll now have virtually all of my favorite childhood shows on my DVD shelves.
Semantics
Ch 5, 3 tr in ring, ch 5, sl st in ring, ch 5, 3tr in ring, ch5, sl st in ring.
vegetable stock can be of any vegetables: ive used potato,carrot,beans and capsicum.
Votes are both courted and counted by class.
This Life is dark but I cant cry
And what brings me out of my hibernation? Turkish ninjas of course. See, these ninjas are a samurai family that become darkness ninjas after dying. Yeah... zombies?
Over his career, Rick Springfield has placed 17 hits in the Billboard Top-40 Charts.
Ok, I will: the woman is a genius!!! Her writing is fresh, new, all-encompassing and though i am borderline gushing, fantastic!!!! The Immortal Rooms (the blood of eden book 1) is fantastic. I have only 100 pages left and I have no clue how she is going to shock me next, but I do know it will be ahhmaaaaazzing! Capital zing! This is vampire done right, are you there stephenie meyer? Its terminological inexactitude calling, it wants it sparkly vamps back!!! Five dollar phrase in there for everyone. Now, I dont know who actually reads this or if anybody really wants to know what I think, but I just have to say that there are good books and then there are the ones that have to ability to transcend generations. I give the Immortal rules the stamp of being the next Jekyll & Hyde. This is dystopian society done differently and done right! No battle royal for your life in an arena, no space probes and ber technology, its life, death, disease, starvation and a plague that infects us all eventually.
sort of picture to go with it. Example: a picture of a fairyand then words that kinda go with the picture.
Look, I just need to ask you some questions. Id like to do it in private.
Having no Irish connections that she knows of, she cannot explain why this draw to mark and carry on his name has taken such a hold. But her journeys to Ireland have created friendships that carry the history of the Cork man who died 89 years ago.
Kozo Suganuma - Drums, Percussion, Didgeridoo
Nevertheless, it is a place of worship, and services are held there regularly. But although the sanctity of the chapel is respected, most people, especially a lot of tourists who know about it, have no religious purpose in going to this little place.
Sana said authorities successfully liberated five military personnel who it said were kidnapped earlier by an armed group in the northern province of Idlib.
The people didnt say, Hi, my name is. They just went their separate ways after the kiss, Galdorisi said.
What Is, is said to be......"like the sun shining in the blue sky
This is CK Clover, which is the same type of fabric used in the door curtains between the living room and dining room, it doesn't come up very often so when I saw it in this alternative colourway I snapped it up. Very reasonable as well for quite a rare one. I think this will become a cushion for the living room, can't bear to give it away!
The Thithi and Nakshatram on a day is based on the Sun rise and its duration during the day is determined seeing the almanac. Normally the puja is done in the morning, and the chances are for the thithi and star to last for very few minutes/hour, and also to overlap on a single day. This year this happens on fifth day of navrathiri.So Panchami and Sashti pujai and offering prasadam pertaining to thithi, and star is to be done on 5th day itself. The reason is the Panchami thithi lasts for 8min from sunrise and Sashti thithi stars, which lasts upto 5.00am of next morning (3rd October),before sun rise. Since sashti thiti does not exist during sunrise Sapthami thithi puja and prasadam offering is to be done on 3rd October, followed by Ashtami and Navami on 4th and 5th october respectively.
Among the evenings best moments were the spirited renditions of "Animal Life", "You As You Were", "Open Your Houses (Basilisk)", "Immaculate" and especially "Breaking The Yearlings" and "Pushing The River" (a track which rides on the drumbeat of Joy Divisions "Heart And Soul"). Both of these songs were boosted by extra percussion, adding weight to my belief that all rock bands would sound better with two drummers! Meiburg was in fine voice throughout the set, with his soaring vocals adding extra power to his compositions.
A Cipher
Well let me know what you think about my very first "what I wore" I promise they''ll get better. The lighting wasn't super great and it isn't easy to hold a camera steady that way :)
all mouth and trousers I first heard that one in about 1963 at Watford Grammar School, as used by a bloke called Arthur. The old term was, I think, 'blabbermouth'. Maybe we need a sub-category for descriptions of people who use language in a particular kind of way....so, in bold, blabbermouth (which in Yiddish, as used by my father to describe me, is a yachner )
Ive taken my measurements today at the start of the challenge and Im going to post them every week to see how Ive got on.
75% Merlot, 13% Cabernet Sauvignon and 12% Petit Verdot
This one is a little tough to follow on purpose. Evil Cordelia just gave birth to a tall, black woman who everyone is in love with. At some point Fred finds herself being the only one that can see Jasmines true face.
I'll do a longer outfit post tomorrow, and on Sunday I'm off doing another photoshoot... outside Tesco at night! Haha! May sound crazy but I have it all planned out don't worry - the outfits are going to be a bit crazy and kooky, but that's all I'm saying!
Sadly, though, these cows are the lucky ones. Some dairy cows never get to leave the confines of their sheds, but instead are kept indoors all year round in intensive zero-grazing systems.
Fear is costly, personally and to the Kingdom. Paul wrote these words to Timothy:
In ICS, Android no longer requires a separate password to protect the system credential storage. Rather, it uses the screen lock password for this purpose, and the Android Device Administration API can be used for central policy enforcement. This means, for example, that the screen lock password cant be removed as long as the secured credentials remain on the device.
No, you dont. No one has ever done this to you. Even if a girlfriend cheated on you, it wasnt this. You werent married to them, you didnt have a child with them, you hadnt been with them for 12 years! You didnt put up with it unknowingly for 2 years. You have no idea what Im going through. You cant possibly understand, stop saying that you do.
The shirts, a preppy icon, were launched in Greenwich, Conn., in 1972 by All-American squash and tennis player Bill St. John. Everyone was wearing Lacoste, but the cool camp counselors were wearing Boast, says (John) Dowling, a former New York University film student who worked in advertising.
To officially say "thank you" we're having a small giveaway... We'll send one lucky reader the supplies to make a patterned paper wreath of their own: A wreath form, glue sticks, lovely paper and an embellishment.
So I stumbled around my closet, in a wrestling match with my Spanx, and gave myself a full nelson. Disoriented, I tripped over my boots and flailed around on the floor. I paused in my hapless exertion to enjoy a moment of debilitating terror, wherein I imagined I might die and no one would find me till the next day when my putrefying scent would overpower the catbox. That, or being so tightly encased, if the thing hardened, I might actually emerge with wings and a penchant for light bulbs.
The frantic dance performed just after you've accidentally walked through a spider web.
While motorists curse, and reach for their gun!
There is no doubt about:
shaken another's faith
Arthur: Yeah, cause you and me, we made good decisions when we were 21.Do you remember decisions made at 21? Not always the best? Or are you one of those?
Grout can be purchased in small bags in any big box home store. I recommend "sanded" grout for the beginner as it is much easier to work with. Follow the manufacturers directions for mixing. Depending on the size of your base you can eyeball the amount of grout you will need. Once mixed the grout should be the consistency of peanut butter.
Man, im impressed and amazed once again! I just love my job whats next to amaze me huh?!
To rolling along the wheel
But all that I know is you, your touch and your smile.
On May 13, we will we spend our first Mother's Day without our mother and on June 17, 2012 we mark the first anniversary of her death. We circle in time, summer, fall, winter, spring - we pass the days of the last year we spent with her, the frightening ones, the day where she felt well enough to shop for shoes, we pass the days I squandered. Those days haunt me so that I must hide from them, and I can only find comfort in: what is an address when she knows who she made.
Kenneth Cole is known for his tongue-in-cheek ads that use clever wording to get the word out about issues like AIDS, homelessness, gun safety and womens rights. For example, a 1997 ad addressing abortion is accompanied by the tagline It is a womans right to choose. After all, shes the one carrying it. Above this text is a picture of two handbags. Ben and Jerrys has used its ice cream to generate awareness, coming up with unique flavors and donating profits from their sales to various causes. Phish Food is one notable flavor, a chocolate and marshmallow one named after the band Phish, and its profits go towards environmental efforts in the Lake Champlain, N.Y./Vt. area. In 2002 One Sweet Whirled, named after a Dave Matthews Band song, emerged and partnered with SaveOurEnvironment.org to fight global warming and get people to reduce their CO2 emissions. Hubby Hubby, a 2009 flavor renaming of their popular Chubby Hubby, celebrated the legalization of gay and lesbian marriage in the brands home state of Vermont and raised awareness of this issue across the country. In addition to brand partnerships there are event partnerships.
Can't wait for next time!
Benjamin Franklin argued that the social contract/constitution should be renewed every generation. Is now not the time to do this? But how? We cant vote them out. By them I mean the career politicians, those who are indistinguishable but for their tie colour. We have no real democracy. The Diceyan concept of Parliamentary sovereignty is now defunct. Parliament is self serving, its mandate is hollow and built on lies. It is time to put something above the cretins that milk their expenses, a code of conduct that is binding on everything they do  a codified constitution. By demanding that we change the method and form of our government we create the event that the foundation of most constitutions spring from. In the way that Americans look to their founding fathers for inspiration, we should look to the Levellers, not the Glorious Revolution or Cromwell. We must change Harts rule of recognition to something we recognise and we re-write the contract. As I have said, we cant vote them out. Turkeys wont vote for Christmas (hackneyed, I know). Im not advocating an uprising, more mass demonstrations, less velvet more cashmere or tweed.
As I do with all banana breads, I also added nutmeg and cinnamon for added flavor. These spices really bring out the banana flavor and work wonderfully in this bread.
Its not as crazy a world as Pratchetts but I think it can hold an enormous amount of cookies!
Spring flowers
And then there's the midden - the garden shed in all it's glory. I should have cleared it before doing anything else. I seem to spend a lot of time wading in looking for things. I noted in passing that Elaine at Rosebank Ramblings seemed to be in the same position with her greenhouse. But Elaine has tidied hers up! I partly put up the photos on this post to shame me into doing something about it.
Earth Day gets a bit overshadowed here because it's daughter Rosie's birthday. (Happy 9th Birthday Rose!) Maybe we'll have to celebrate it next year properly a week behind or in advance next year, since Earth Day is an important day to reflect.
fossil thought on hoar frost nights.
^^ For real though, is this shit not the truth? When my grandparents were my age, you didnt leave your man or your woman. Times were not always good and yeah women stayed through some bullshit situations; but you know what more often than not they were actually really really in love. Id love to know that me and my man were gonna really ride shit out through thick and thin, til death do us part for real but life just isnt black and white enough to say that across the board we should stay in our relationships regardless. A lot of relationships need to be left. Just a thought though.
As we left Legoland this afternoon, Charlie said "That was fun, Dad." Mission accomplished.
Interestingly, nothing on this scale is envisaged for the banking industry which has brought the nation to the brink of bankruptcy.
Things are so wonderful
By the end of the ride I was sitting at 45 minutes and covered 11 miles averaging slightly under 15 mph according to my Nexercise iPhone app. My transition time was very quick as it consisted of jumping off the bike in my own driveway, grabbing my water bottle and setting off at a trot and immediately noticed that it sure felt funny starting out
Howard Stern? I did not know the guy, but somehow I remembered his movie poster for his movie Private Parts, and he seemed like an arrogant bastard who had his ego way too high up in his head. I did not know him, he was practically unknown in Europe, so I had nothing to base my judgment on, but I did not like the guy.
Excuse my French, I have said something that people usually won't want to hear. As in "You have a dentist appointment next week," which is swiftly followed by "Fuck fuck fuck I haven't been flossing." And of course you haven't been flossing. Nobody flosses. It's probably a conspiracy. The dentist will still ask you if you are anyways, and you have no choice but to answer "sometimes."
But its not so difficult to get out and honour yourself and your Gods by quiet actions in the world. An allotment or orchard project to bring pleasure to others and food to your family. Litter-picking as you take the dog for a walk, or the kids to school. Even volunteering to help your local space, be it Neighbourhood Watch, local environmental groups or charity work. Consider how best to connect your faith to your life, and do it. Take responsibility, rise to a self-imposed challenge. Be adventurous, explore  find your own quest!
Otherwise known as Pain Thy Name is Chiisai Tabata
Taylor is my child that is usually in la-la land. You can be talking right in front of him with both of you looking at each other and he doesn't hear anything you are saying. Hansel and Gretel had nothing on this kid. He leaves a path everywhere he goes, constantly placing things down in the wrong location. Most of the time he cannot tell you where anything is "hiding" because he doesn't remember putting it away or even putting it down.
educate, leaving us in an uncomfortable position. Either we mandated behavior to people whose guests we were, with the likely result that the mandate would be ignored, or we let people make their own decision and watched the predictable results unfold, powerless to stop them. We had done our best to muddle through. The end result of that muddling was that we stood by ineffectually as preventable deaths unfolded before our eyes.
We all know that the Tea Party is not a monolithic national movement. It is divided between three major organizations, in which thousands of local Tea Parties enjoy considerable autonomy. It is difficult to get such a diverse movement to coalesce nationally around a single platform or candidate (though it is possible at the state level, as Ohio's Tea Parties, through the Ohio Liberty Council, demonstrated with Issue 3's nullification of mandatory health insurance last November).
and when Im feeling sad
For God from these dread seas is gone.
Ellen?
North America:
Everything in the spiritual world is substantial and original. This material world is only an imitation. It is just like a cinematographic picture, in which we see only the shadow of the real thing. In this lecture, delivered in October 1966 in New York City, rla Prabhupda gives an amazing glimpse into the nature of the spiritual world and some positive instructions on how to arrive there at the end of lifes perilous journey.
Wade, Robert. Spadework. The San Diego Union-Tribune. December 16, 1984.
"HA... no way, I just finished mowing my grass & am gross" I argued
So not only is Friday my favorite day of the week, but I get to post about it on my friend Hillary's Friday Favorites!
Fourth round. Clear. No bubbles. Didn't set up...can you say ran off of the counter. Big mess.
Despite such caveats, the IPCC report used the study in its section on disasters and hazards, but cited only the 1970-2005 results. The IPCC report said: Once the data were normalised, a small statistically significant trend was found for an increase in annual catastrophe loss since 1970 of 2% a year. It added: Once losses are normalised for exposure, there still remains an underlying rising trend.
1. Fold and cut an A2 card (which is 5 1/2" by 4 1/4") and cut strips of designer paper that you would like on the card . Sponge edges of cardstock and designer paper, and round the corner of one side.
There is, of course, another kind of horror. A horror that not only doesn't make use of the supernatural but denies the supernatural. This other kind of horror may feature psychos, wife-beaters or crack addicts huddled under the glare of sodium lamps. It may be miserablist in nature, or it may be even more pessimistic and depressing than that. Some of this sort of horror might be characterised as existentialist. In other words, it is concerned with existence as it actually is (or seems to be), stripped of faith, hope and the consolations of metaphysics.
At least one of the kids was home today so he could hold it while I took the picture. Not the best photo but better than on the floor!
At that moment I was awake and called: Lay, come on! Lazzy call him with an unconscious habit. Lay suddenly looked back and waved his hand towards us , which was beyond our expectation. We almost excitedly burst into tears! I came to think of taking photos ot them.
Meanwhile, talks in Copenhagen are hitting various sorts of predictable roadblocks:China and the United States were at an impasse on Monday at the United Nations climate change conference here over how compliance with any treaty could be monitored and verified.
This unexpected turn of events could have resulted in a huge meltdown. Geekygirl could have dissolved into a watery tantrum as she watched her brother being carried in my secure arms into the pool, while Geekydaddy and the lovely teacher tried to coax her in unsupported. But she didn't. She took a leap of faith onto the float that the teacher was holding, and let herself be guided out into the water. Wide eyed but listening to instruction, she started kicking herself along.
The 12-year marriage of McClain and his wife was crumbling, and she became involved with a 23-year-old man for about four months, Orange County Deputy District Attorney John Christl told jurors.
AOM14 Haplorrhini
Enough about me and mine. I wish you and yours a wonderful holiday season. I love that Hanukkah is overlapping Christmas this year; gonna fry up some latkes tonight. 2011 was a stinker of a year, but it went fast, ending (so far) with Boehner's bag o' toys of a cave-in.
I cry in cars
I can't say what.
LOreal Studio Secrets Magic Perfecting Base
Yes! We must reach the lost (those that are going to hell by the way) No! They will not be inclined to listen to us but that does not negate our duty as ambassadors of the Most High God. And like ambassadors we do NOT have the right to change the message or become like the culture we live in so that we can win that culture. As ambassadors our duty is to deliver a message from the King and that is it. Lets take a lesson from the failings of the ancient Israelites.
Performance
To make the frame: In this example I stamped the snowflake from the Bright Hopes Set (122690 Woodmount $23.95 / 122692 Clearmount $17.95) right onto the base of the card. Take the second from the outside of the Shaker Frames and place the sticky side down around the snowflake. Punch out a 1-3/4 sized circle from the Window Sheets (114323 $4.95). Pinch some Mica Flakes into the middle on top of the snowflake. Peel off the paper on the frame and place the window sheet over it.
Am I the only one that is sick of every character in books being perfect in every way? All the male characters were perfect specimens of the species. Evalle was wanted by EVERYONE. So beautiful and powerful and  yah that had my stomach turning. She got hit on by all the single guys. She was even kissed by two of them that didnt even know her for more than two days. REALLY?
I have liked the other Southern Tier brews that I have tried, so I will most likely try this one again. Compared to the Lefthand I had this weekend, it didn't land on it's feet.
#15 That is Morgan!!!!
Action, air supply, performance, construction, and maintenance are some of the osiris paintball gun, bunkers can be used as a team. And the osiris paintball gun. The uniforms are often used in speedball matches. Inflatable bunkers are great; easy to set some sort of safe practices forewarning on nearly all paintball merchandise. Simple fact is, any warning safe practices forewarning on nearly all citizens have been set up for players to take something, find something, or to just be the most important contributor towards the elevated paintball injuries is twists of the osiris paintball gun an intensity and passion into practicing and training for your sport. Develop a regular schedule of practice and follow them to clean and lubricated, use the osiris paintball gun on your field, you're going to play at an organized field, they will be hard for opponents to dodge? Well yes, this is since airsoft offers much more paint-balls. Usually, the osiris paintball gun of paintball players. Professional paintball players need to start small and have the osiris paintball gun to keep playing. If there are obvious steps you will use during the osiris paintball gun. Practice moving and communicating as a result of paintball sellers which market to individuals the osiris paintball gun of the osiris paintball gun to stop them from jamming by cleaning,checking o-rings, and tightening the appropriate durable clothing has to be a diversion on how to train to improve every aspect of their own and should be used to the osiris paintball gun it feels when you move and if there are referees there to oversee the osiris paintball gun is popular but not nearly as popular as the osiris paintball gun of products which include models like the osiris paintball gun is they're all very high quality masks. It is actually tougher to consider realistic paintball markers surely have went down. Adjustable paintball markers is Tippmann, especially if you haven't practiced with it, don't use it!
About four-thirty the near neighbor came out on his lawn and stood swaying, then took off his jacket (he likes to dress frontier style and all). He put the jacket on the lawn, then sat down on the wet grass.
Gunther laughed. With what? A bunch of fuck up rookie cops? Those guys were bullet magnets.
It would have been inconsequential for the castaways to leave the island the same people they were when they arrived, saying Wow, wasnt that a crazy trip?! The many layers of Lost ensure that these characters will remember why they were once brought to the island and that their desolate pasts will no longer impede them from moving on toward a fuller life. Memory will believe even after knowledge is forgotten.
I guess some would say my 12, almost 11, and 4 year olds are deprived. None of them have a personal phone. None of them have an ipod. None of them have a gaming system - either personal or family-sized. We don't even have a TV! When the economy tanked in late 2008 we did what we had to to survive. We moved from a 3000 square foot house to a 1500 square foot rental to the 1000 square foot home we currently own. My three kids - gasp! - shared one room for the first two years we were in this house! My two oldest children even received free lunches from February 2009 through May of 2009. And they were a godsend. However, while on these free lunches we weren't buying souped-up cars, any electronics, cigarettes (that now cost around $5/pack! - I remember when they were like $1.50!), etc., etc. It is all about priorities. Why should someone else have to pay for my child's food because I am unwilling to? Note I didn't say unable - those people need help for sure.
The end of this book was terrifying. I wanted to hug my dog while reading. I have a big dog. So holding a dog while reading is kind of impossible and the logistics of it never really worked out, but I totally wanted to do it.
I know that Gregory knows those books as well as I do. As soon as I saw Walter grabbing the bell and hammer, it set off all my Narnia-trained alarms. Ring the bell and risk loosing the Deplorable Word.
As long as you have life, you will have stages.
Colin
In a scene from the movie, The Godfather, one of the Corleone henchman is discovered to be involved in a plot to betray Michael Corleone, the new Godfather. The plot is discovered, and the henchman is led away to go "sleep with the fishes" or whatever. He says to one of the other henchman, "Tell Michael it was just business; it was nothing personal."
7. Cut into shapes. Place on parchment or Silpat covered baking sheet.
I'm not gonna lie to you, Marge: This was the hard part. If you have access to another pair of hands, this is the time to call in reinforcements.
"The Deserted House"
Me: What's that?
It was such a little thing to you
I know he will have a cold this week so I prepare.
Big Sky Brewing Company Moose Drool Brown Ale
The study.
 Direct eye contact
And heads unbowing
Obama seeing nothing wrong with a person who needs government help at every stage of their life.
Save The Best For Last (single 1992)
Olympians J.R. Celski, Chinas Meng Wang and Sun Linlin , US Team member Kyle Uyehara and US Junior Team member Kendal Pumphrey.
I dont know who said this, but it is a great piece of wisdom that we should all embrace.
screenshot at 1020pm CDT 4/30/2012:
New Glarus Brewing Company Totally Naked
Gotta go...I have to get up at 9:00AM tomorrow so that means I have to be in bed by 9:00PM tonight.
The novel begins with the unsettling news of a murder by a suspected serial killer. Nicknamed the Rottweiler by the press, the murderer has killed three women, each time stealing some trinket from them. Rendell presents a closed-world of characters, all associated with a Victorian house converted into an antique shop/boarding house. The possibility of a serial killer lurking somewhere in the vicinity keeps these characters on high alert. Rendell is master of the hidden menace lurking amidst the ordinary and the everyday.
He relates the story of St. Paul from 2 Corinthians 1 and the pain Paul suffered because of the accusations made against him. He feels betrayed by the church. Paul understood that Christ suffered and so shall we. Paul also writes about the comfort he received from God.
A panther light and swift exceedingly,
Lepore completely botches this history. She quotes the prosecutors brief from Miller, which argued that the Second Amendment was restricted to the keeping and bearing of arms by the people collectively for their common defense and security, and that the right is not one which may be utilized for private purposes but only one which exists where the arms are borne in the militia or some other military organization provided for by law and intended for the protection of the state.
At any rate, its something for the sport to think about if it hasnt already. Beijing and London could be just coincidence, but it could change the game.
The other day, I was out and about in a bit of a shopping frame of mind  perusing the wares on offer in a sports emporium; a shop that offered (across its four floors) everything oned require if one was a real back-packer to gadgets designed to get the very best out of a snorkeling experience; from football strips in ones favourite team colours to hiking boots and biking gear; from tennis racquets to rugby balls.
Statistics reveal that one out of every four students are bullied, picked on, or abused each month. In addition, 30% of students in the United States admit to being bullies, victims of bullies, bystanders of bullying or have participated in all three roles.
Anyway, here is my Slide Show for the first Jan Eaton Blanket, and I will definitely be putting up the Block List on January 1st with our new Challenges!
From lots of crying
WHERE:
that these colours will ever be so so
In the teaching sector part of my life, the words I heard were foolish and obtuse, in addition to to the above. I do not miss a single conversation from that part of my work life. (Well maybe interactions with a few original thinking, genuine, enthusiastic students.. which is more than can be said for the coroprate sector.)
Dr. Mink trying to see in her ears. Her ear canals are very small and they had some wax so the Dr. couldn't see if the structures were all intact. The Dr. decided it would be better not to push looking since she is scheduled for her cleft team appointment in April and there were no immediate concerns. We have noticed that Jilliana is very sensitive in the ear area. We don't know if that is just the way they are or if it was from the trauma she experienced with the exams given to her last May. So we will wait until April to get a better look. We still know that Jilliana can hear. We still don't know how much. I still think that if I had not been told that she had hearing loss I would not be even looking in that direction. It is still too early for us to tell. I have noticed that when she repeats a word she seems unable to say the word exactly. We don't know if that is due to just being here 4 weeks or if it is because she is three, or if she has a speech problem or a hearing problem. Again, I am looking for something to be wrong and would never have suspected if we had not been told this was the reason for her disruption. We think she is off the charts smart. She hears a tune once and can be heard singing it later. The other day she heard a tune on the ipad with Mike "This Old Man" and then she ran and found the Fisher Price little bus that plays the same tune but with different words.
Help me today
Five of them, running towards Shatterbury station, which lay a couple of hundred yards up track beyond where the Spur met the mainline. They saw no trains as they ran, with Solemn in front, Features, Cleft and Bouncer bringing up the rear. Ben was sandwiched between, in case he had second thoughts on the matter. Ben had no second thoughts. Infiltrating this gang was the force's priority in Shatterbury, and he was going to be the one to break it open.
"The fighting", even though by its nature is disliked by the human soul because of the liability, of being killed, orbeing taken as a captive, or being injured, with the wasting ofthe wealth, the damaging of the industries, the destruction ofthe country, the spreading of fear and awe in the souls and the (possibility) of being exiled from one's homeland, Allah had made ready an immensely good reward that cannot be imagined by a human soul.
Aubrey has really been enjoying Mother's Day Out. Every day he runs in the room like "I'm here! Let's play!". It still amazes me that they get ten 1 1/2 year olds to lay down on a mat and sleep for an hour and a half. Aubrey is still in his crib so this was a BIG deal for him. I know he loves the activities, play time, crafts and friends there.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice was very much a Disney movie. Wholesome. Good versus evil. Brimming with life lessons. If you are not a fan of Disney movies, then skip this one. However, if you are like me, and find Disney movies entertaining then you will like The Sorcerer's Apprentice. It was a good story and it was well done. The Sorcerer's Apprentice will transport you to a world where giant steel eagles fly, carpets can turn into quicksand, and rings give the wearer special powers. A world where anything is possible. A world of magic. And in the end, in true Disney fashion, you can rest assured that good will triumph over evil, and the ending will be predictably happy. The very formula that hooks me in every time. So if you're in need of a little magic and some good entertainment, then The Sorcerer's Apprentice is for you. This would be a good one for a family movie outing.
The grip of vice and lawlessness on chaotic municipal governments kept the growing urban problem as far as ever from solution, until at last a rgime of crime in Cincinnati goaded the populace to three terrible days of fire and riot in 1884. (4)
vs 4: Nevertheless for Davids sake did the LORD his God give him a lamp in Jerusalem, to set up his son after him, and to establish Jerusalem
imprisoned and his case is not related to the Cuban five. Josefina
Any-Whos... I saw'em. And finding 33, count'em. THIRTY-THREE gorgeous, scrumptious, mouth-watering, delectible, delightful cupcakes WITH their recipes was a fantabulous find! (for me anyway. ha)
For this layout I used:
he took the case after the pictures were made.
Such a statement is a bit rich coming from a key player in the creation of the deficit disaster, and in no way reflects his real actions while in government or his successor's intentions now.
Having become friends with David Fore through her time at Esther's, she asked if he would be interested in starting an alternative band, to which he happily obliged. David had previously played drums in iconic TX psychedelic band, Bubble Puppy. He lined up Stuart Hillyer on guitar and a bassist named John Keller.
Educationally, Ill always continue learning, reading, and coaching. I plan on completing my Massage Therapy program in the next year and becoming a Licensed Massage Therapist.
(puzzled looks)
~ You can never go wrong packaging alcohol in a skull-shaped container.
Who's ready for some blog candy?! All of the designers will be giving away one stamp set for the sneak peek week. I am giving away the With Love set, which I used today! In addition, Stephanie is giving away the entire release to one person. That is a total of 11 prizes! :o)
s.e.
Christians are not called to be undercover agents  going along to get along with the world. God is looking for someone who wont CONFORM. He is looking for someone who is TRANSFORMED.
I get back upstairs and begin my lecture.
First, let me say a hearty thanks to New Growth Press. I buy nearly everything they publish and read it. But it was nice to get the freebies! Second of all, let me tell you I love this book! Now let me explain why.
Perhaps youre wondering why Im all nostalgic tonight. Its not my love of all things 80s that is taking me back. Its the memory of how Andie and Duckie Dale fought so damn hard for everyone to be o.k. with their other-ness. And the realization that was hammered home over and over today: were pretty much all Andies and Duckies, quirky as hell in our own little ways, struggling mightily with our other-ness and realizing its dirt-under-the-nails work just to rest in the way God made us. I spent my morning walking and talking with some dear friends. These women are in their 40s and they are GOOD people. Strong. Grounded. Heads on straight. Kind. Loving. Thoughtful. Fun. This morning, we somehow got on the topic of our misspent youth. In and around the uproarious laughter that comes from finding out your friend may have spent a teensy bit of time in the back of a squad car, there was a common thread: other. Struggling with disordered eating and wondering why its so easy for everyone else: other. Struggling with years of feeling like the goody two shoes while everyone else has their fun: other. Struggling to fit in somewhere, anywhere, because the party days are over but the Christians sometimes feel like a big ol judge-y straightjacket: other. And then later, after school, hearing about an utterly delightful little girl who is on medication and in therapy because, already, before shes even out of elementary school, she so sharply feels the pain of her other-ness.
Man I hate vaccuuming the house.
Two more females, Sonia and her two year old daughter, Saoirse, arrived in 2009, and Sonia subsequently gave birth to a female calf, O'Grady in early 2010. The six giraffes have remained at Blackpool since.
Apparently mine, however, are actually non-fiction accounts of events which occurred in my life. The Bamster is not encumbered by such requirements and can weave together fantasy creations of events to illustrate critical points he wishes to make in the shaping of his racially charged life.
We get a bit of a late start but we go directly to Cafe Ziyara, a shisha bar in Medinat Sultan Qaboos with open-air seats outside, as well as an indoor cafe, for lunch and shisha. We order lots of hummus and bread and I order grilled halloum, a white, semi-hard sheeps (or goats) milk cheese, similar to mozzarella, but not bland. Since its a beautiful day, we linger after lunch and smoke shisha.
But after 5, things change a bit. Everything slows down a little and the crowd thins out. Some no doubt head for dinner. Some probably look to take things uptempo and head to a livelier bar. Some take a nap and/or a shower before considering their next move.
(Note: For CreateSpace you can upload a manuscript in pdf, doc, docx or rtf.)
Last week was the Craft Den's fourth birthday so to celebrate Lynn held an open day and the lovely Kay from IndigoBlu was there all day demonstrating her fantastic stamps. In the evening those of the DT, past and present, who could make it were treated to a lovely buffet and a workshop courtesy of Lynn.
And what would Arham say ? She asked him quietly.
333 **8. "Angels we have heard on high." Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, December 21, 2000, p. 20. (Source: Item E-XII/11/1998, below. Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 862-63.)
Mr. Borat, Sasha Baran Cohen teams up Megan Fox for The Dictator. The film also stars Ben Kingsley, Anna Faris, B.J Novak and more. Cohen plays a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy never comes to his loving country. Its actually a comedy.
1958
Im sorry, I cant make it, gotta wash my hair. You will totally use this line after trying this shampoo & conditioner. It gently cleanses hair and scalp while natural oils help rebuild your hairs delicate moisture balance. With an exclusive blend of Brilliant Baobab Oil from Africa, ultra-moisturizing Argan Oil from Morocco, anti-oxidant rich Pomegranate Seed Oil and Sweet Almond Oil it will truly Free Your Mane.
School trips are always a delicate balance between keeping the children entertained and finding a day out that is suitably educational to be worth the trip.
I got out and dressed in a t-shirt and underwear. I came out of the bathroom and he was sitting on the edge of the bed. He grabbed me and stood me in between his legs. He pulled me closer put his head on my chest and said only one word...
So, he taught us very simple makeup for Christmas party, using the colours in the palette.
* You want unseen things to touch you.
Your weaknesses are inspirational opportunities, especially if youre loved. For example, acknowledging your inability to create systems gives place for system builders to step up.
* I used low-fat buttermilk in place of most of the oil, all but 1 Tablespoon
My quilt was started last summer, pairing my 30's stash with my Go!Baby fabric cutter. It's 48" by 64" quilted in Hurricane all over pattern on Quilters Dream select.
According to the Home Affairs Ministry, two out of every three PR applicants are successful, an astonishingly high success rate for a first world country.
All of a sudden, when it hit the ground, the plane was kind of bouncing. Someone said the plane was skidding and there was panic, a passenger said.
I always think that I won't take very many pictures this time around. And then I end up just click, click, clicking, and somehow I took 140 pictures!
Semi-Finals
What? Why?
Keeping on top of her physical fitness over the holidays, Mandy Moore was spotted leaving a gym after working out in West Hollywood, CA on Wednesday (December 21).
Looking For Something Easy & Powerful?
The meat and flour issued were crawling with maggots. Emily Hobhouse writes: "I have in my possession coffee and sugar which were described as follows by a London analyst: In the case of the first, 66% imitation, and in the case of the second, sweepings from a warehouse."
Indeed, Barack Obama is liked, according to polling. When push comes to shove, though, when its about voters jobs, homes, and financial security, likability takes a distant second place. Likeable employees are fired every day for nonperformance; they may get better severances, but off they go. Voters have historically proven to be tough employers.
And plain it all He'll make,
We must not forget that the ruling class would resist to the end.
**I know the pictures aren't very clear. His marker says "Aidan Jackson McCaffrey July 27, 2010 "For this child I prayed" 1 Sam. 1:27" His neighbors are Sebastian to his left and Olivia to his right. They both passed away in June.**
3. In person, points have to be addressed serially which can easily cause relevance issues as one tries to raise other points while an initial point is being discussed. Text debates allow full, point-by-point responses where discussions on multiple points can happen at the same time and the separation between these points made clear. Long explanations also do not need to be cut off in the middle for further explanations  the explanation can be read in full, and then clarified.
The first major talking point of the match will undoubtedly be the officials indecision in letting Everton go 1 up.
When Marvel started talking about a unified movie universe I wasnt sure they would be able to pull it off, turns out I was very wrong. Likewise I had some initial doubts about Whedon as director, handling such a large budget, cast and action packed film seemed a little different to his usual work. I am sorry Joss Whedon, I could not have been more wrong if I had tried.
OK, AFTER BREAKFAST, AT THE CRACK OF DAWN,WE WERE ON THE ROAD. IT WASNT A FAR DRIVE TO OUR DESTINATION, AND THE TRAFFIC, AS YOU CAN SEE, WAS NOT STRESSFUL. LOTS OF ROOM FOR US ON THE ROAD. AND, THE ANTICIPATION OF THE HUNT WAS WITH US. WE COULDNT GET THERE FAST ENOUGH, BUT WE TOOK OUR TIME AND ENJOYED THE RIDE.
I worked in the back, behind the scenes you might say. In a room behind the puppy cages, behind the fish tanks, behind the aquariums that housed hamsters and lizards and snakes. My job was to keep cages clean, make sure everyone was fed and bathed, keep the back area clean, and report any animals that seemed to be sick.
Here they are....
Genre : Electronic/Nu Disco
Sometimes we do see. Sometimes we see the hurting, and the broken, and the bruised. Sometimes we say to ourselves: Hey, we should be like Jesus and try to help them. Sometimes they ask for help and you see an opportunity.
More gratuitous adorableness? Or is the birthday suit the height of haut baby fashion. You be the judge.
1 dripping
The family had a teenage daughter, but Traylor did not provide information on her whereabouts. The dead were a 39-year-old woman and two boys, ages 8 and 13, Traylor said.
It's time to wake up, America. The Paul Ryans of this nation are out to push you further down into the dirt while they rise up on the backs of the fallen.
2012 is already shaping up to be a fantastic and extremely unpredictable season. I had no idea what to expect, going into todays race and it really was anybodys game. Mercedes had a fantastic qualifying session on Saturday, with Nico Rosberg finally getting his first pole. Michael Schumacher qualified a respectable 3rd, but started on the front row in 2nd, after Lewis Hamilton received a 5 grid spot penalty, for a gear box change.
With the outbreak of the Civil War, classes were suddenly interrupted when the entire student body and many faculty from Ole Miss enlisted in the Confederate army. Their company, Company A, 11th Mississippi Infantry, was nicknamed the University Grays, and suffered a high casualty rate during the Civil War. A great number of those casualties occurred during Pickett's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg on July 3, 1863, when the University Grays made the deepest encroachment into Union territory. Some of the soldiers actually crossed the Union defensive fortification wall, only to be killed, wounded or captured. On the very next day, July 4, Confederate forces surrendered at Vicksburg, Mississippi; the two battles together are commonly viewed as the turning point in the war. When Ole Miss re-opened, only one member of the University Greys was able to visit the university to address the student body.
So, I got a plastic surgery over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. I mean not on my face but on my blog. :-)
This post is the perfect platform to declare my love for meyer lemons. If you've never tasted one of these gorgeously sweet citrus, I hope it will be on your to-do list for the week! Meyer lemons are ideal to bake with and give that perfectly intense citrus flavour to sweet treats. This lemon loaf can, of course, be made with run of the mill lemons but try making it with organic meyer lemons if you can - you won't be disappointed!
- It is better to flatten the dough into a larger round shape so it is easier to pinch to seal the edges.
A benefit for the New Mexico Committee of the National Museum of Women in the Arts, the exhibition and sale was organized to expand the notion of what a dress is and how it reflects the inner self of the wearer. The proceeds will help support the 25-year-old museum and the committees Women to Watch program, committee president Susan Berk said.
Cuts. Fed up of them. As the only people who are really paying for them are you and me. Well, you. As I live in France.
H xx
And my big girl, who insists on wearing Mike's Angry Birds shirt to bed whenever it's clean.
Cant be any worse than what we saw at your house.
In Sept 2006 she received Menschen in Europe Award for furthering the cause of international understanding. Orwell strikes again.
Anyway, it will be good to see my "old" friends again, (I'm sorry), as I haven't seen some of them for nearly a year! And we only live 4 miles away from each other. Ridiculous, I know, but time just seems to disappear when you get old.
In a bid to head off more revelations of votes cheating, Armed Forces chief General Zulkifeli Mohd Zin put on his fiercest face and warned that it was treachery for staff to blow the whistle on their bosses.
Then it occurred to me that a common theme in all those meals was the salad. There was always a salad of some sort, served on a moon shaped plate. We never had the same salad twice, I'm pretty sure, but the point of them was always the same: to provide a crunchy, fresh, almost discreet relief from the fireworks in the main, round, plates. Like the clowns in the circus, coming between the high wire acts.
and some b&w Bazzill, dymo and October Afternoon alpha stickers.
as she gales,
Let two players compete and designate the top performer as the starter.
I have always had a thing for younger men. Must be genetic (I blame genetics for a lot of things). Sometimes when Im at home doing homework I have the television on for background noise mostly. I am not sold out on the American Idol season (I thought Jeremy Rosado was robbed when they cut him and kept a couple of other singers that were mediocre at best). Something happened that I am having trouble explaining, Phillip Phillips creeped up on me. He annoyed the shit outta me for I dont know how long with his Dave Matthew influenced way of singing and moving, and that big vein that pops out across his head when he sings. I dismissed him early on. Then it happened.
See, it's just a sandwich on the ground. But for several days I spotted wrapped sandwiches lying around at bus stops, and in window sills. Who's buying them? Who's eating them? Is this an advertising campaign? Is someone paying it forward for the homeless or the hungry?
Of course, we all forget that Emily truly is the most altruistic person on this show. Okay, sarcasm aside, it was nice that Emily actively went out of her way to protect both Jack and Daniel in this episode, even though once again it nearly blew up in her face.
As usual, to be in with chance of winning our fab weekly candy all you need to do is be a follower of the blog and leave a comment on this blog post. We would appreciate if you could pop a piccie of our candy on your sidebar but you don't have to so you can enter even if you don't have a blog!
Do I believe that the man who exposed the British Government for lieing about the threat to our country from Iraq, Dr David Kelly committed suicide? No.
To sum up, the Internet is very necessary but we have to learn how to use it and avoid all the dangers of usage. We should remember that its only a source of information and not a way to search for serious friendship.
Contempt loves the silence
below are the titles and sequence of the series with summaries copied from various places.
As we head towards the State Meets in XC we see some more of the norm. York (IL) and The Woodlands (TX) are both aiming for yet another State Title.
Madainn Mhath! (Good Morning!)
Thankfully... Greenfingers has got great tits! Phwoar!
...so I used it as an opportunity to add a few 'blingy' green glass beads for fun! :)
There you have it! Hats off to Sam and all our entrants!
powerful and wise leader. more important than anything, true wisdom is attained by learning from
Good evening peeps,
If the culture isnt what you want, no problem. Changing the culture of a company, department, or even a team isnt easy, but it is possible. It takes time, patience and persistence. There are three broad steps to reshaping the culture.
Ive also been watching a number of Luis Buuels more religion-centric films, and loved the subversive, playful and joyfully mocking nature of Viridiana, Simon of the Desert and The Milky Way in particular.
Print the pattern at 100%  it should fit exactly on a sheet of regular ol paper. If you need to double-check the measurements, the length at the widest point should be approximately 8.5. Cut out your pattern pieces  including the button hole. No seam allowances necessary!
My breasts don't hurt as much since stopping the progesterone, but it hasn't impacted the nausea. I am trying to make myself drink water, even if it makes me feel sick. I started having dry heaves just writing that sentence. I better go lie down.
So today, an incident which would normally have only effected a momentarily raised eyebrow, a heavy sigh and a despairing shake of the head had us both fizzing.
the population of Botswana.
Normal animals always avoid places of power, it was the real proof this wasnt a fruitless chase. I turn back at the driver whose mouth is still agape from my miracle. I point at the stone ridge above me. Place them there. This will be my door.
Despite hours of hard labor during my 10 months in AmeriCorps, I dont think I ever dropped below 200 lbs. The problem was the food. Our galley on campus had unlimited fried foods, breads, processed junk. Every meal ended with an ice cream sundae. I often felt sick after I ate, but never had the mental strength to change the way I was eating. At one point, while working in Alabama, my team decided we were going to eat healthy in the conventional wisdom way- lots of veggies (good), tons of whole grains (bad), lean meats (not the best), and several small meals throughout the day (not great). I felt constantly hungry and unsatisfied the entire time. All I wanted to do was eat and eat and eat everything in site. I didnt have access to a scale at the time, so I dont know if I lost any weight. My guess would be no since my clothes never seemed to fit any differently. My entire team was also afflicted with the worst gas ever. Our van smelled terrible and outsiders tried to stay as far away from us as possible. Not great.
- chain shoulder strap with leather detail
So. We're a little over a month in and I've lost 13 pounds! Yippee skippee! The most awesome part? I haven't even started the workout portion! I'm still trying to find time for that. But at lease I've got the diet down. Baby steps.
Even with my empathic abilities, Im not sure I can get past Damians anger to find the cause of his delusions. After all, falling for a patient is bad enough, but falling for a patient who thinks hes a werewolf is a whole other kind of crazy. Especially when said patient decides to mark me as his. Now Im feeling a little bit funny, and not just because Damian sets my hormones raging...
It is such a perfect herald to spring....sunny days ahead.
Most of the other instructions are uninteresting ("Don't forget to affix postage to your envelope"). But number 10 caught my eye: "FELONY NOTICE: It is a felony to accept any gift, payment, or gratuity in exchange for your vote."
Shallots, 5 pcs
Made of oak the central part of the tread is recessed to take the carpet and instead of a traditional banister or more predictable glass and steel, 6m lengths of engineered oak run right from the top of the house to the bottom.
6. In the pot, back over medium heat, brown the onions. Return the meat and cooking stock to the pot, and add the raisins and remaining thyme. Place in the oven. It will need to braise for about 2 to 2  hours. The meat should be extremely tender. About halfway through the cooking, add the potatoes and cook until they are easily pierced with paring knife.
She is currently represented by Dawn Dowdle of Blue Ridge Literary Agency. Wanita is a writer of Young Adult, Fantasy Fiction and where ever else her little muses take her.
"Anything Goes", sponsered by Love to Stamp, so the prize is fantastic.
I'm the girl who goes to Hana for dinner and asks if there is any ramen left from lunch service. (It's only on the menu at lunch.)
For more of the Paris views I promised you in the last post
I used papers from My minds eye tickled pink range. All the doilys were stamped with My minds eye Stella and rose stamps (I sooooo love these stamps, they are just so pretty and stamp perfectlyI lurve them )
I am so grateful to the North Melbourne Legal Service for the invaluable work they did with me. The representation, advocacy and support I received throughout the process have been incredibly powerful in returning me to a life I can call my own and a life that involves a productive and useful contribution to the community. Since going to court, I have returned to study, I have recommenced professional work, I have moved out of the family home and returned to living independently  all of these things seemed possible once more, I felt strong enough to undertake them, after receiving my day in court.
I left that office and I never returned.
(A true story)
In 2008, the Poverty in America Survey, administered by National Public Radio, the Kaiser Family foundation and the Kennedy School of Government, found that 57% of respondents stated that welfare support causes women to have more babies. Indeed, the identity of the welfare queen is still pervasive today, still causing the American public to be reluctant to pay into a welfare system that would propel poor mothers out of poverty, and feel more comfortable paying for a system that monitors and controls poor womens lives.
If someone called me that today, id smack them with my purse. And it'd hurt you know, because ive perfected the swing of my purse to face.
Im kind of flabergasted that Ive been nominated for an award! I have no idea what it is or why I have it but its an AWARD so of course I will gracefully accept it. I like awards a lot. Thank you SOOOOO much Diane for adding me to your list of nominees. Please visit Dianes blog Pleasant Valley Sunday for some excellent writing and musings on life. And subscribe to it! I did. And good things happened.
But text mining and mirror reading are not so useful in the case of Romans because Paul isnt writing to a church he founded, and because of that, he pulls his punches, tones down his language and works much more subtly than in, say, Galatians or 1 Corinthians. So scholars who simply look for the specifics of the letter or mirror read into it find some of the reasons Paul writes, but not the core issue. So, yes, he wanted support for his proposed trip to Spain, and yes, he wanted to address divisions within the Roman church, and yes, he wanted prayer, if not money, for his collection for Jerusalem.
Anywhoo, he was rolling around flailing his arms and legs and opening his mouth. The tech was getting frustrated b/c she couldn't get good measurements of his arms/legs it was funny! Guess he was waving at us :-)
Our unhappiness stemmed largely from two areas. First, it felt like the activities were tailored heavily towards producing things for parental consumption. On a daily basis, we were swamped by a deluge of paintings, drawings, collages, paper cutouts, etc. The importance given to all of this stuff by the teachers did not align well with our own attempts at living a relatively simple life.
This week's fabulous prize is donated by:
the result was a very bright, slightly clinical space.
An example might be your uncle Ed. He is family and you do not see him all that often. He gets a bit wild at family reunions and seems to draw everyone else in. You can not really cut ties with him because he is family, but you can minimize the amount of time you spend with him.
Emily Luker won with that poem. She says writing it helped her think about what good relationships look like and that is the coalitions ultimate goal.
So in conclusion I would believe that its possible to say that Muslims and Jews share some foundational similar expressions on Gods Unity, as well as reverence for those they consider the greatest prophet respectively, though there are some difference, the Jews not have a single expression, as is the case with the Muslims. On the other hand the Jews have a  I would dare to say  much longer and more detailed expression of faith than that of the Muslims.
I know I still owe people emails and exchanges, as well as pictures for blogs and stuff - not to mention the Travelling Stitcher pattern, and my freebie patterns. And I was beginning to get a handle on stuff, as one of the stresses in my life got to a bearable place.
Deputy Chief Wendell Reed is the second person to be suspended for the April 24 incident, said Mayor Daniel Rutland. The officer who allegedly administered the shock, Cpl. Trevor Parham, was suspended earlier this week and a third officer who was allegedly present when it occurred is expected to be suspended as well, according to sources and Rutland.
Everyone needs our forgiveness, understanding, kindness, love and prayers. I am simply saying that by distancing yourself, you save them from being the receiving end of your anger. Try to solve the problem at a later date, and if it cant be solved, let it go and move onto other healthier activities.
All to blame.
I love Carrie's trick for using the decorative label punch for the main image. I figured out that to fit in the long side of the punch, the card stock should be 1 3/4" wide and it lines up perfectly. I also used the same punch to detail my card corners (I did this once before here). Instead of DP I added a row of stamping with the border stamp from the SAB set Fresh Vintage, and with a sentiment from Well Penned I'm calling this one done!
Now I'm not saying this is pearly white but it's good enough for me and the taste will knock you off your feet, make ya want to sit a spell and enjoy another bowl. Yep, it's that good, and as you can see, it really is deserving of its name. Why it's the real deal and now y'all can say ya know the difference. So folks, the next time you hear someone mention white chicken chili, make sure you set them right.
Id love to hear from both. Comments?
- August 1971 organizes/performs at The Concert for Bangladesh in N.Y.C.
Father the signs are here its like you have a giant neon sword hanging over the earth yet none seeks you, no one calls on your name. Father raise up this remanent you have to shout it from the mountain tops all over the world and right in our own neighborhoods, workplaces, schools you name the venue. Father put the words in our mouths that we may speak with boldness the good news of redemption. Take away all fear and everything that is not of you and help us to not be HYPOCRITES but to discern the times and act accordingly by your Spirit. In Jesus Name.
Want to play along? All thats necessary to participate is to describe your life (or something) in a phrase using just six words.
for this card. With 4 grandsons, I tend to lean towards boy cards.
So the only question remaining is which nimble app startup firm is going to build this?
 Ourayle House brought Summit Pale Ale, brewed with Summit hops. Another good one from Mr. Grumpy Pants, who does well with pale ales.
Teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
"Well, well, well. After I mentioned the possibility of other bird species being slaughtered, I got the following blurb in an email:
Among Occupys main targets will be the five largest banks, which control a greater share of the economy today than they did on the eve of the financial crisis. With dozens of bank occupations likely to happen, May Day illustrates how the movement has become better organized. But so have the banks. In New York and Chicago, theyve pooled resources to gather intelligence on protesters. One security consultant likened the cooperation to elks circling against a pack of wolves.
So, what is a girl to do when shes wading knee-deep in money woes? She dreams about shopping and the things she wants to buy.
(Just in time for 1/2 off at Tokyo...YES!)
It seems that life is most unjust!
- If they have a fever, take their socks off to help it break faster.
-I am sad because of what you went through and how you hated not being able to be active
The book includes real recipes from real women, a quick guide to planning meals for a month, the best shopping strategies for saving time and money, and tips on the best ways to use a slow cooker, freezer, and pantry.
I mean, I get to learn about everything, from the beginnings of democracy, to different political systems, electoral things, political parties, pressure groups and so on.
Now that we're back into the swing of things after the festivities of recent weeks, I hope to be posting more regularly.
Solar Co.s  The Karnataka state government is planning a 4000 acre solar park in Bijapur district. (The Hindu Business Line)
Arrange the animals on the poster size canvas. Mae picked 24" x 23" for this project. Iron the animal silhouettes directly onto the canvas. Make sure your iron is clean, you don't want any stain on your artwork. You can also use a sheet of white copy paper to protect the canvas.
Being realistic? Obviously not.
Well, how about this:
In Honor by Jessi Kirby: Again, with the hard hitting emotions mixed with the perfect amount of sweetness and humor. Honor is a stellar character, one who is oblivious to a few things from how much pain she's in over losing her brother, and Rusty is the perfect counterpart, full of anger he doesn't really know what to do with. Watching these two relive the history they share, the stories of her brother and his best friend, and also figure out where to go from here... beautiful, and memorable.
Darcy was fortunate to be chosen MVP for his team. What a proud moment for Mama! :)
First of all I'm gonna take a second to explain exactly what PFTs are because lots of my friends and family are familiar with them, but I've never really explained them in depth. The machine (which is now portable and is just hooked up to a laptop), involves a tube, a mouthpiece, and a device to measure the volume inhaled and exhaled in the lungs. I am given a pair of nose-clips to ensure I don't breathe out of my nose at all. Usually the PFT tech will ask me if I prefer being coached to which I always reply YES. For some reason, I like to have a cheerleader when doing my test. The testing starts with "easy breathing" for which little blips show up on the computer screen. I am then enthusiastically told to take a "BIG BREATH IN" and quickly blow as forcefully and quickly as I can. And then the PFT tech usually says something like "push push push push all the way out come onnnn, litttle mooooore" until I'm red in the face and I watch a little dial on the screen go all the way around like a speedometer. I then take a minute to catch my breath for another round. During the next round, the computer measures how I'm doing in comparison to the last one, so a little ticker will increase up to 100 and then turn green, meaning I beat my last result. This is very exciting to see and makes doing PFTs feel like a game, as I get more and more pleased with my results.
Many years ago, I saw a friend back in South Florida about ten years after our high school graduation. My eyes were opened to the world by that time. Through high school, I rarely left South Floridabut after high school I lived in California for ten years and did a fair bit of exploring (traveled to Hawaii, Australia, Hong Kong, and around the USA).
2 ballet
7. Letters are a vehicle for deep conversations. Correspondence is a wonderful forum for revealing who you are, what you believe, what you love and care for, how you observe the world.....
I also want to thank Swifty for giving me the opportunity to represent and serve for Uncle Billy's Brew & Que. I had a blast!
But the seeds of Bonds downfall had already been sown.
These nomadic people were considered so dangerous and disruptive that the Qin Dynasty began construction of the Great Wall to protect Northern China from Xiongnu attacks.
Verses 13  34 hits a little too close to home. One of my biggest problems is how much I love money - what I can buy with it, spending it, and why I wish I had more of it. So when reading about storing treasure for yourself, its hard to swallow. I wonder why at this point in my life, I cannot have my cake and eat it too.
Approximately 925 million people in the world do not eat enough to be healthy. That means that one in every seven people on Earth goes to bed hungry each night.(Source: FAO News Release, 2012).
I made the mobile using hand-carved timber birds, laser-cut metal leaves and some twigs from my backyard. You can read the tutorial for it here. It adds a lovely organic feel to the room.
The everyday, run-of-the-mill, ordinary adventures of the Weeds. I will no longer be struggling to understand French or have complaints about the foreign Swiss culture, but I am certain there will be plenty of adventures right here in Mid-West USA. Adventures in cooking, reading, photography, reverse culture shock, grocery shopping, organizing, gardening and bargain hunting...to name a few. They may not be adventures in Switzerland, but there will be
The question isnt will we stay up all night though is it? The question is are we ready am I are you? We know he is coming just when we think he is not. Oh Christian have we wronged someone or has someone wronged us? Go make it right. Is there a wall erected by you between you and God by the sin of commission or of omission? Go and by the power of the Holy Spirit tear down these walls one stone at a time. Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. I am speaking to myself i promise.
Don't underestimate the value of meditation and rememberance.
villagers, says the book. It adds that a nickname
that which I know zilch of, this or that.
January 2008
Fast paced, gameboy themed, steampunkish, retro SHMUP.
Just before we enter the mountainous wilderness, we meet this friendly fella. He walked with us for quite a ways. Apparently, he had a lot of room to roam on his side of the fence. When we reached the end of his domain, we stopped to say good-bye; he dropped his head and, thinking he was encouraging a pat, I reached out to stroke his nose. Good thing I have quick reflexes or I might have lost a finger or two. When will I learn that animals arent thinking friend! so much as food?
Nicaragua was an enchanting place to spend a week and I hope to return one day soon. There is so much more to explore; the surf spots of the Pacific, volcano-boarding in the north around Len, Caribbean island communities, and historical jewels of earthquake-torn Managua beg for my return! Politics has stoked the fire recently again though, bringing back the not-so-distant fears of a tumultuous past. Many feel the current president, Ortega, has bought the current congress and will have no problem in changing the laws allowing him to run again for a record third term, when many more people feel it is time for a change. Venezuela's polarizing president, Hugo Chavez, has been getting friendly as well, in his apparent quest to form a socialist alliance with as many Latin American countries as possible. The past has been difficult and I hope the future doesn't continue along that way. We didn't quit on the way to the top of Maderas; I trust the Nicaraguan people won't quit either, as tired as they may be.
- What is the 1 key message? (Widgets improve your life)
Obviously, I'm being a little catty.
I am not denying him his right to his portion of the marital property. We just have a difference of opinion about what defines fair and equitable distribution of said property.
So. I got sick. Again. I'm writing again!
Keep the faith, Zak
And as in all obituaries, there are the remaining family members:
Having said that, where with analog you had the work before and in the darkroom... now it is very much after... in the digital darkroom.
William Holdens first movie!
Best phil&teds Smart Buggy Bassinet and Stroller Bundle, Black Collections
These replies to Spencer were actually pretty awesome!
"It pays, literally, to stay on top of fashion," writes my friend, whose blog is a treasure trove of thoughts and advice for the nouveau pauvre of the Great Recession.
Part two of the book focuses on what it means to think Christianly by developing a Christian worldview. Morrow describes what a worldview is, how everyone has one, and gives examples of some of the worldviews competing with Christianity. He explains how there are certain life questions that a worldview must give an answer for and how we need to equip Christians with the knowledge of how the Christian worldview answers those questions. He goes on to explain how knowledge is essential for todays Christian as apposed to just a personal experiential faith, which can quickly crumble once young believers emerge from their protective covering and are assaulted with the tough issues and questions facing Christians in todays world.
Building A Local Database to Enhance Adult Career Pathways
They jostle for space, giggling and screaming with joy as the truck sways around. I catch sight of my daughters face, bathed in sunlight against a backdrop of velvet green, her eyes closed to the wind blowing through her hair, and I know that I am witnessing the childhood I dream of for her.
What makes Perfect Chemistry a book in its own league is not the fact that everyone is in love with the tale of star crossed lovers, but because Simone has crafted and perfected such endearing characters in both Alex and Brittany. Their voices were strong, were personalised realistically and were very relatable to any reader. I found that Simone has synchronised each of her character's thoughts, words and feelings into the narration. Of course, the sassy, witty, and sometimes deliriously sexy dialogue is incorporated well.
* 1 cup light coconut milk
At its heart, it was a good story  a twisting tale of life and love, death and drama, and supernatural secrets so well kept that even the author wasnt aware of them until several books into the series. The characters were strong. The dialogue was golden. Unfortunately, the author  immature in her craft  was all natural talent and no practiced skill, and so the story was told rather poorly indeed. Were it ever to see the light of day and a bookstores shelf, the narrative would need a major overhaul.
Even a multitrillion-dollar package of spending cuts and tax increases would not have stopped the red ink. At best, the grand bargain being sought would have shaved about $4 trillion from deficits expected to total at least $8 trillion over the next 10 years. But it could have changed the storyline of the nations politics, if not its government. Obama would have been able to run for a second term claiming bipartisan success at fiscal restraint, a boast he hoped would help erase or at least blur the image of him as a tax-and-spend liberal.
Is it just me, or does economy class on a "movie airplane" seem a lot more spacious?
We are dealing with authorization from the source. And no other band has continued a lucrative career in the extreme music world and made it's stance known to it's own fan base as ACHERON has, before or since Crowley's sociopolitical involvement. If some poprock star is a member of the same church, in general their involvement is kept fairly silent - as not to scare away the fan base. It is not part of the package.
Far more than falling snow, heavy clouds,
The silence of the trail only worsened his mood. The noisy chatter of the city and suburbs provided a comfort zone he only missed when it wasnt present. Even a random curse, or the screech of a cars wheels, here he didnt even hear the sound of noisy insects, not even the wind rustling the trees.
Today marks my sixth day in the hospital.
And it has pretty much stayed that way, hasn't it?
after a half hour ordeal, it was finally over. I was highly embarrassed, but it makes for a great story.
Then just unroll and use as you normally would. We taped them to the wall in a criss-cross pattern over the food table. Smile politely when your husband says, "I didn't know where you were going with those babe, but now they look cool!" Resist the urge to scream, "In yo face!" or "Wait until you see what color I'm painting the Dining Room!"
Joseph J. Coppo, 47, New Canaan, Conn.
Dorian Concept  Toothbrush
A lot of the book deals with Gwen's sadness over her mother passing, blaming herself for her mothers death, and learning to be happy again. It also deals with her self-doubt about her place in the Academy, and her worth. The way she kept knocking herself down over the potential love interest was annoying. Considering that the only guy she kissed was fantasizing about another girl, its understandable.
WHN and WGQ had a blast over the weekend- their embroidery seminar was a blast and they learned os much! WHN promises to post more later this week- complete with photos!
I have used carriers with both of my children from a young age and enjoyed it, but I also make sure I do my research because any product, service or device when used incorrectly can cause problems and no parent wants that for their precious infant. I strongly advise practice with any baby gear to ensure accidents do not happen. With that in mind, I have some tips to help you to enjoy this special time with your little one:
The court heard Nawaz assaulted the 13-year-old girl at the flat he owned above his takeaway in Stanningley, Leeds.
No loss. No gain. All in all a pretty poor few months weight loss wise. Not being well didn't help but at the end of the day they're just excuses. If I put my mind to it I can lose weight. So let's hope April brings better weight loss results. I am sure it will. This spring like weather does make you think about ordering clothes, holidays etc and I still have the Race for Life to run in May. I will, of course, post pictures to document the mess I look at the end.
With the 63 Rambler station wagon chugging up the West Side highway. I always made sure to stay up long enough to see that big billboard-like truck that was somewhere near the Chinese embassy up by 42nd street.
I hope you have all had a lovely festive Christmas!
I just got lense addict lol
In 1959, the current Dalai Lama fled to India amid riots against the Chinese military occupation of Tibet; he remains in exile today. During the Cultural Revolution (1966-77), the remaining monks were expelled and the abandoned palace was looted and damaged by Chinese soldiers.
That was true, to an extent. Given how socially hopeless Junax was it did leave him in something of a bind. Plus, Dodds wasn't just in it for the pussy. He had a family breeding program to be seen to. Continuing the Dodds line from now until the Day of Judgement.
Good grief...I love you, Rowan Kate!
Tolle doesnt subscribe to any one religion, but claims that his influences include the Bible, Zen Buddhism, Sufism (a mystical branch of Islam), and Hinduism. That should tell you that hes picking and choosing from different religions, which would make any adherent to any of these religions pretty irritated. His teachings focus on being present in the Now and searching your inner person to find enlightenment. He talks about God as a being, which we are not really separate from if we are connected with him. When you live life in the present moment, you just allow it to be, rather than labeling it or judging it as a good or bad experience. This acceptance leads to surrender to the present moment. The goal of all of this is some spiritual transformation, which can happen at any moment.
I will admit right now, I am no thesis writer nor scientist. I enjoy writing, and I have written many a paper in my time, but by far my preference is fantasy, fiction and my own personal thoughts. I have some experience in technical writing, which I enjoy, but I would write a story or a blog post over that any day.
had endured as a young Marine & Soldier. Basically, no welcome home!
So that's that for the school year! In a few months I'll have 3 boys in the same school in 3rd grade, 2nd grade, & kindergarten. And Maia will continue in preschool, but 3 morning a week.
Things are in the saddle and ride mankind, Emerson said. He would have understood planned technological obsolescence perfectly. The nerdy techno-freaks who keep re-programming stuff get their kicks from the technology as an end in itself. They can't imagine that 95 percent of their customers simply care about the technology as a tool, don't want pointless new features, and particularly resent software revisions that offer no real-world benefit.
They dont bother with no fkn disguise
Murray faces up to four years in jail if convicted in the trial, which started last week and is due to last five weeks.
As you know, I was one of the contributing authors for Margaret McSweeney's book, Pearl Girls (available here). 100% of the proceeds from the sale of this inspiring book are going to Hands of Hope and Wings, two very worthwhile organizations. I've done book signings for Wings (Women In Need Growing Stronger) and I love what the organization does. Wings provides safe houses for women and children fleeing domestic violence, job training and placement, transitional housing, hope, and so much more for those in the Chicagoland area.
Day 7!! One week into the challenge!Yippee!! I know we can make it now. It has been so much fun creating and trying new recipes for my family. Princess is picky though. So I have to have some staples around for her. Today she was still home sick. So, I spent my day doing chores, cleaning, laundry, taking care of the plants inside and out, and gardening.
Still this love goes on.
Englands World Cup campaign kicked off last night with an unconvincing 1-1 draw with the USA. There were some flashes of brilliance early on, but far too many mistakes, including a horrifying goalkeeping error from Robert Green which led to the equaliser. (Please read on: marketing-and-pr isnt turning into a football-crazed blog, dont panic!)
Charles couldnt believe he was having a conversation with a white rabbit in a tux jacket. "What do you mean come with you?"
Good to see the fantastic glasses keep coming with every new collection.
Died hat Lon
From the root the sap flows to the artist, flows through him, flows to his eye.
Used Cherry Lynne die too - my favourite - totally loving it - can you tell?
6. MAKE NEW FRIENDS: As everyone on this crawl will be intelligent and good looking, this is an excellent place to meet new people. Also, you will note that some people become better looking as the crawl wears on. If this occurs, be sure to consult your Buddy System partner.
By the way, that student was EINSTEIN.
5) Going out in the rain and bouncing my tennis balls in the puddles.
And as 1 Cor 13 puts it, if i do these things without love, they are/mean nothing.
While we cant put our hands on data telling a similar story for B2C ventures, our personal experience is similar: most sites attempt to corral the all visitors in the same manner usually through the home page. The reality is this: whether B2B or B2C, the more you segment your audience into unique, discrete cohorts, tailor the value proposition to meet those specific needs, and UNIQUELY DELIVER when they hit a custom-designed/messaged landing page (just for them), the higher your likelihood to convert them. If you are new to this game, the Hubspot piece does a nice job defining the basics:
I also found these sweet little brass birdies:
Ive always wanted to do a case mod for my computer but I can easily put that on the back burner for now.
- Josy Rose nail heads
So again, Jesus said that in his name those who believewhen they drink deadly poison, it will not hurt them at all
could ever
Many friends and clients have asked me about The Paleo Diet, and what I think about this approach to food. I have been able to answer them in a limited fashion, based on what I have read about it and what I have experienced second-hand from other folks on this diet. I wanted to get a deeper understanding of what, exactly, it meant to go Paleo and learn more about how it would affect my body. Another reason I decided to try the Paleo diet is because it was Lent time and I needed a challenge that would not be detrimental to my health/wellness/fitness, as well as something that I might decide to stick with even after Easter Sunday. Going Paleo seemed like a great idea, so I started my research and as of Ash Wednesday (nearly two weeks ago), I have been Paleo.
I am standing in my kitchen, eating an orange,
We enjoyed
Just a way defuse the situation slightly and to let him so regret the arrogance that fell within the flashy throwaway line that he just said.
The girls were surrounded by the infamous yellow crime scene tape in order to emphasize that human trafficking is a CRIME. It is a crime against humanity and all that is just.
- churros & coffee
The challenge is to use your cuttlebug machine as the main focus and use at least 2 different Cricut Image cuts! Thats a laugh for me because I don't think I've ever made anything with only 2 cuts!! Its just not in me!
It was hard to be at home, knowing Kendra was here suffering. Each Caring Bridge post or text from her sister brought tears to my eyes. But it was nothing like being here in the middle of it. To watch her discouragement, to hear her silence, to agonize with her through disappointment, broken promises, fevers that won't go down, legs that won't move.....It hurts to see, but hurt brings action. Hurt makes you move and change and deal. Why are we so afraid to allow the pain of others cause us pain too? Why are we so afraid to be touched? Are we really that afraid that God might put us in action? Make us join the fight?
The remainder of the day on Monday after the official events were over, as well as Tuesday, were enjoyable but not particularly eventful as far as spiritual activities or incidents wentwhich is fine, considering there was such an abundance of them in the days preceding. I returned home on Wednesday morning, and as I flew out of the Bay Area, I was finally able to see the Golden Gate Bridge from the air; and as I approached the airport where I was landing, I could see my island home very clearly from above. Not surprisingly, when I returned, the entire area of western Washington state was under flood warnings, and there were huge parts of Skagit Valley that were quite soggy with standing water as I passed through them back to my home. Apparently, the Inundations were happening for places that are important to me outside of PantheaCon as well
For the truly broke, this is a dangerous place. You can do a lot of damage in this completely charming store on State Street (http://www.lewisandclarkltd.com/location/). We probably spent at least a half hour browsing through the books, novelties and antiques, but no section is more enthralling than the Christmas ornaments and village pieces. Im still coveting one of the jewel-toned scarves (couldnt decided between the deep emerald and the garnet one). Sounds like an excellent excuse to revisit!
One problem I've run into: snappis... I have to make sure that there is enough fabric so that the teeth of the snappi can't touch the kid's skin. Poor James started screaming "It hurts!!!! It hurts!!!" after I had put on his alternative kite folded flat and cover and pants. The pressure of the pants made the snappi "bite" his skin... We used a pad fold after that one! Is anyone else running into this issue?
5 - Milton Brown - The Eyes Of Texas - 3:09
LEANING OUT
In a recent study, a team of researchers presented a possible explanation for this color hierarchy. By creating a community of virtual people imposed with the limits of human vision, the researchers were able to watch color naming in action. Based on their observations, the team posited that the color hierarchy is caused by the properties of human vision.
Refreshed desktops include select Home & Office, Workstation, and Gaming systems along with the multi-award winning Edge Z40
JAW: This is an ongoing dilemma, a paradox really, and elemental tension that I wrestle with. It is a question of separating and integrating at once the complex emotions, associations, memories and conceptual attitudes related to ones home and family with the analytical and evaluative criteria of judgment. I want to translate and make my beliefs and values accessible to a larger world. The goal I think is to find a visual correlative in the world that translates photographically. Ive learned to trust my intuitive gifts as well as my intellectual ones. I treat all with equal respect. In my best work you can feel that same genrative tension and conflict. You can see the tension of wrestling to keep all in suspension so I can call on any or all when needed. These oppositions are not so much reconciled as accepted. When I work, I try to hold making, knowing and judging in meaningful suspension and trust that what is necessary will come to my aid. Its a matter of preparation, practice and attention. Of course this is a gross simplification of the process.
Another thing that strikes one as counter-cultural here is the tolerance for smoking. Smoking! Among educated people in California, its hard to name a bigger sin than smoking, except perhaps the sin of intolerance (which is oddly permitted when it comes to smokers). Here at TAC some of the students do smoke, right out there in front of God and everybody, and no one bats an eye.
5. Reading about spirituality and matters of metaphysical nature can be fascinating and uplifting indeed, but it isnt necessary for soul evolvement. The same is so about attending classes or workshops that provide glimpses into the arcane, having a guru or mentor help you understand lifes mysteries, or following enlightenment offered by the Masters  the quotation marks are because these highly evolved souls dont call themselves that. Spiritual growth is each ones personal experience of living from the heart  that seat of the soul, core of physical viability, and center of Self that sends forth and receives love. Simply, BEing love is soul evolvement.
3. Research breed traits. Buying a puppy should not be based on which dog is the cutest, or which breed you always thought looked nice. Take the time to thoroughly research these traits so that you can make an informed decision. Some breeds shed more than others, while some breeds have known behavioral issues. For example, Great Pyrenees dogs are very beautiful and popular, but they are bred for livestock guarding and not apartment living.
Here we are. It's almost 2:00 in the afternoon, the day before my little brother enters the Missionary Training Center in Provo. My mom has had a Diet Pepsi attached to her hand all day and we've all been on the verge of tears. Adam has been busy today, out to breakfast with a friend and then lunch with another. Last night my dad gave him a blessing and it was wonderful. The tears were flowing by the time it was over. Adam has held his emotions together this whole time, but I think tomorrow may be a different story. But he's so ready to leave. He feels like there's something more he needs to be doing in his life right now and a mission is one of those things. He's excited to go out and make a difference and see a few koalas and kangaroos in the process. He's such a friendly guy and we've always been so impressed with how many different kinds of friends he has. It was fun to see such a variety of people at his farewell and luncheon on Sunday.
Bag - Waxed canvas messenger from Brooklyn Industries. Plenty of room for business cards, camera, smart phone and schwag picked up along the way.
Over the weekend, Bryce was on a hunting trip in South Dakota. I definitely missed him but enjoyed having a little extra time with family and friends (it never seems that there are enough hours in the day and days in the week to see and spend time with everyone I want to). Friday night I had a pizza girls' dinner with JLA and SEG. Afterwards, JLA and I headed over to her boyfriend's apartment for a band and party. She and I had not seen each other in well over a month so it was great to get some special catch up time with her!
Why Not  Chain & the Gang
- The 1st Guild Project 2010 - "Coat of Arms Wallhanging for Drachenwald"
Evening Peeps,
When one files a bankruptcy, an estate is created. Essentially, everything the person filing (the debtor) owns goes into that estate so that at that moment, the moment of filing, they owe nothing and they own nothing. Now, certain debts cannot be discharged in a bankruptcy so it is not entirely accurate to say the debtor owes nothing. And, in fact, the discharge does not happen until the end of the process. Also, it is not entirely accurate to say one owns nothing.
But, they weren't really doing it when you guys were, that's the thing. You guys were among the initiators of that.
Belly Button Baby
"dictatorship of the financial markets and the troika: EU, ECB and IMF, who have imposed austerity measures and a non-elected government on the Greek people."
...is my first apartment.
Laura posted me an Iron Maiden t-shirt. Yeeeah!
Father: "Son I saw you on the news with a sign protesting Wall Street."
You can purchase this app on iTunes in the app store. Or you can buy yourself your own thought journal and record and re-frame your thoughts by hand. Do what works for you.
I wish you had lived to enjoy the cricket world cup, you did so love your cricket. We will think of you when we watch.
Brown leather belt - Goodwill
The ruffles were done using the v0000 with a little v000 thrown in for shading. The teal part of the skirt was done using a combination of the e40-whites and bg0000. Surprising how the colors change when put together. I like that the tones from the upper part of the skirt carry on down into the bottom ruffle while the paleness of the bg is still present.
In a burst of desire to eat a bit healthier, we started flipping through my "exercise plan" book which also has a section on nutrition. I told Brad to pick some recipes that he would be interested in and I'd see what I could do. Well, he decided that lentil soup might be interesting and the search was on. A quick internet search turned up a recipe by Giada de Laurentis of tv fame and we decided that she probably knew what lentil soup should taste like. And you know what? That was a great bet to make because this soup is tasty! Enjoy!
Hypnobirthing and waterbirthing would fit well together, if we had the opportunity. In our classes, we learned yet another statistic: as it turns out, only 12% of first-time-moms wanting a waterbirth actually achieve it (for a variety of reasons I wont go into here). My first reaction was to respond to that with determinationHmph! I will be one of the 12%! I STILL want a waterbirth! Time to stack the odds in our favor. We couldnt depend on our current medical provider to be available for waterbirth (we actually never even met that one doctor) so it was time to think about a change. Dawn opened up the discussion on a midwife, which, quite frankly, I hadnt even given a single thought. She also informed us that there were a variety of other hospitals in the Metro equipped for waterbirth. Enter Maple Grove Hospital and North Metro Midwives! I cant even convey here how INSTANTLY at ease we were after our first visit to a midwife. Oh my goodness! These people actually have a similar belief system to ours! They embraced our birth plan, encouraged us to proceed with our wishes, and promised to do everything in their power to make it happen. We had the opportunity to meet all 3 midwives in the practice, despite the fact that we didnt switch to their clinic until I was about 30 weeks along. Although we didnt know who would deliver our baby, waterbirth was available regardless, and we felt extremely comfortable with all three of these wonderful women.
The train station in Farmington, twenty miles from our door and my objective this trip. I chose to make the picture taking ride on Sunday when there is no train service because I wanted to make sure there were kids on the motocross course. With a pretty strong prevailing south wind all spring and most of the summer along the path I would have otherwise taken the train home. It is cheap and quick. But today, with no train service, Maun agreed to meet me for a coffee in the supermarket next to the Farmington train station and give me a ride home. As I was locking my bike inside the store entry I saw another cyclist simply walk his bike into the store. I didnt really pay attention but Maun was already there and saw him as well. She asked him where he was going with his bike in the store and he explained that the store has a bike valet who will take your bike from you, give you a token, take your bike someplace and then in exchange for the token, retrieve the bike for you when you are through in the store. Simply unbelievable.
video synopsis on this adult romance ebook by: Cherrelyn W.
Fifty Shades of Grey, written by E.L. James, is the first part of a trilogy (yeah, nothing less!) telling the love story of a young literature student (in her early twenties), Anastasia Steal, and a rich businessman, Christian Grey. Mr. Grey is smitten with Miss Steal but, as he is into BDSM sex and she is a shy, clumsy virgin, they have some serious issues. All of them are overcome very promptly  by sex. . I must admit highly disgusting and very badly written variation of BDSM sex  you can find out EXACTLY how disgusting reading some of the reviews, published e.g. on Goodreads (links to my favourites can be found
In the Cambridge case it its reported that over 18 million worth of artefacts were stolen. Heres hoping that the case has as good an ending as the Durham case, and no more incidents endanger Asian artefacts in British museums. Anyone with any information about either crime is encouraged to contact their local police force.
Impossible to choose: 1 vote; 5%
If you measure happiness on others terms, youre only following what happiness means to them. Be yourself, make your own rules and be happy on your own terms.
I am also a writer and a reader and a lover of beautiful books. I sometimes buy books without ever having the intent of reading them. I buy them simply because they are beautiful, or clever, or creative, or whatever.
Memorable Line: I thought you said not to kill them?
her song is the muse for which Ive waited
We got to Eagle Rock and threw down to cowboy camp there. Eagle rock is one of those landmarks that actually lives up to its name. Not one of those areas that claims to look like something but it really doesnt or only looks like it if you cross your eyes and stand on your head ones.
nts, flower prints, etc.,but they dont even know of where it comes from or who put hem together in an outfit; Brian wore those things that now are topic fashion trends in the latests seasons; those wine coloured jackets , black striped suits, ankle leather boots, striped t shirts, Snake skin shoes, dandy hats, old jewelry, fur coats, flower prints, enormous sun glasses, silk foulards and golden jewelry; almost every item that he wore, mixed and defined his style is now a trend clue.
This is not a comment on the excellent City of Thieves, reviewed below, but a long wail about why so many books are called "City of ...." I have perpetrated five such books myself in the Stravaganza sequence with another to come (City of Swords) in 2012.
Tell yourself you are a great individual and believe in yourself
These days I dont post as much as I would like but Im looking to rectify that. Im also looking to start a long-overdue v-log series on ChiRunning 101. Stay tuned for the first instalment this week.
This outfit is green in two senses of the word. Literally (the skirt) and figuratively (mostly vintage and/or thrifted). There's more than one way to be green.
My visit came at a great time: Not only was I able to see interviews for new savings associates under a new interactive recruitment process, but market research about the financial education program also began.
Shell never be there to grin at me and dance as we neck a little bit of E.
Can you visualize cedar boughs draped and swagged across her for Christmas?
Ultimately, as a result of the burn injuries, Dan lost his right hand, most of his left hand and is severely scarred. In the mid 1980s, reconstructive surgery that would give Dan the use of a moveable thumb was performed on his left hand. Since then, Dan has been living life to the fullest in the face of his adversity. His relentless
A decorated veteran of World War I, Hitler joined the German Workers' Party, precursor of the Nazi Party, in 1919, and became leader of the NSDAP in 1921. In 1923 he attempted a coup d'tat, known as the Beer Hall Putsch, in Munich. The failed coup resulted in Hitler's imprisonment, during which time he wrote his memoir, Mein Kampf (My Struggle). After his release in 1924, Hitler gained popular support by attacking the Treaty of Versailles and promoting Pan-Germanism, antisemitism, and anticommunism with charismatic oratory and Nazi propaganda. After his appointment as chancellor in 1933, he transformed the Weimar Republic into the Third Reich, a single-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideology of Nazism. His aim was to establish a New Order of absolute Nazi German hegemony in continental Europe.
CR: The double standard that applies to young womens sexual behaviour has always been there. It may have been exacerbated by modern celebrity magazine culture and the tabloids salacious hypocrisy but modern means of communication, texting, social networking, certainly spread the poison faster than whispers in the classroom. And, of course, it is a virulent and vicious form of bullying.
For this occasion, because it celebrates the word not as law but as literature, the expression of ourselves as human beings.
I'll be back in a few days. . .
My buddy Joe must have figured out something, but I don't know or at least I don't remember if he ever said anything. Joe gave me the book Victims No Longer. I didn't want to read it at first but I started and that's when I understood that he was a pedophile. I knew the word before then, but I didn't know that's how it was. I thought they only went for kids who were four or five years old. I was sixteen.
To say that Lil B is prolific is to severely understate the sheer quantity of material pouring forth from the young rapper, an Internet phenomenon who makes so much music that even a 600-song compilation of his work wasn't exhaustive. He's made more music in 2011 than most artists make in their entire careers, and that's true even if you just count his "official" mixtapes. He's also a rapper who loves provocation, as evidenced by the title of this particular mixtape  he's not, in fact, gay  and the parenthetical that seems like both a reflexive defensive maneuver and a way of underlining the ha-ha-only-kidding nature of the title. And then, the actual music is something else altogether, finding Lil B (a rapper of many styles and preoccupations) in his diaristic introspection mode, delivering nave ruminations over soulful, low-key beats. With his patient, halting, occasionally off-kilter delivery, Lil B raps about race, self-image, religion, and mortality, his relaxed vocal style giving the impression that he's forming his thoughts in real time. It's an optimistic album, but not without a sense of darkness: he mentions suicide, slavery, racial profiling, and other societal evils, only to emphasize that personal struggle and positivity can help individuals get past these obstacles. That thematic focus is most apparent on album highlight "I Hate Myself," which lays its emotional stakes bare by underpinning Lil B's raps with a swooning Goo Goo Dolls sample. The lyrics on this track have a clever structure, enumerating all the ways in which society teaches black people to hate themselves, before flipping the song's meaning around with a coda in which Lil B declares, "everything that I've seen was a lie/ I'm not ready to die/ I love myself." [buy]
"Oh, no." She laughed at what was probably a common misunderstanding. "Those are the foods you're supposed to avoid." She handed me a much smaller, two-page packet. "These are the foods you can eat."
It is also believed that "Brewdog have a paid a non-refundable deposit on a contract that requires them to supply cask conditioned ale". So, if BrewDog don't come up with the goods, as they have already done by not honouring their order for next week's Scottish Real Ale Festival, Camra will trouser a healthy deposit from those Aberdeenshire Ale Anarchists. Awesome!
It reminded me of something I have said several times over the years...the easiest thing in the world to do is nothing. It takes courage to change.
I have been working hard to get ready for Market. I finally bought my plane tickets and found a hotel. I hate doing that stuff because it takes so much time and is so BORING. So I procrastinate. Getting the booth ready is much more fun, so I will start on that in the next few days. At least I will think about it. That way I kind of have an idea in my head about where it is going when I get there.
Now, onto today's miracle... :0) Are you ready for this? I know I am... I EXPERIENCED SOME PAIN FREE TIME TODAY!!! WOOOOOOH HOOOOOOO! YEAH! Ok, that's about as excited as I can get through usage of writing styles, LOL. :0) I had not just an instant, but hours of no pain. OMGosh I have no idea how to handle this so I tried to accept it and say thank you to the Lord and the Universe and I tried very hard not to worry about what to do when it comes back because I think it will come back. But, it's 11:41 PM and I have been feeling almost totally pain free for most of the evening since around 4 or so this afternoon, I think. I'm starting to have a bit of pain now, but it's ok. It's BEARABLE!!!
Remember, people will let you down, divide your heart and hurt you but when you are pleasing to God, He will never hurt you or fall short of His promises! If you are hurt or facing condemnation from being a people pleaser, then who is to blame? You are for trusting in man and not God! Be blessed and may you heed to Gods message to you today.
that was just moved out of here, it did feel small.
She carried throughout her life without fail her passion for music. She held her fiddle  received in her youth from her father  as her most treasured possession. From her days in the orchestra at Burris High School in Muncie, Ind., to recent concerts of original material with her husband, Chris Little, her voice and violin added sweetness to the air. She once paddled her fiddle across a rough, shark-filled ocean bay to provide music to a gathering of environmentalists. She recalled playing her fiddle with singer-songwriter Carole King at a forest protection event as a life highlight.
There was the year I got really deep and gave up all potato products. (Don't laugh, as a German-American it's literally in my blood to have potatoes at every meal. Which I was doing, and having potato based snacks on the side.) That was also the year that I decided and announced to my church group what I was giving up before realizing that I'd be in Germany over Spring Break, ie. during the middle of Lent. That particular trip was an interesting one, but I am proud to say that I did not eat a single potato product in those 40 days despite the numerous opportunities that presented themselves. I also lost something like 10 lbs. Win-win. That was a tough year.
off one of the spare beds and slept
Every saint drags a ghost, and demons
Avoid cluttered sentences that are packed with so many words we dont need.
And I have a big announcement. All through March, if you purchased MY ZOMBIE DOG from Amazon, or if you blogged about the book, you could enter my competition to WIN a KINDLE!!! Yep, and if you're lucky enough to be in the US, that's a KINDLE FIRE. For the rest of the world it's a KINDLE 3G. So now all I have to do is generate a random number from random.org:
most of the lights are out
THE MANOR ERRATA
This is the true essence of anarchism: To become a human being, yes, but a politician, never.
Krabby is simply based on a crab, its one of the more realistic (ie it looks like the animal its based on) designs for Pokemon, though crabs are only that colour when theyre cooked. Its Japanese name is simply crab. In the anime, and the game PokePark Wii, Krabby walks sideways, like real crabs do. Instead of saying their name like most Pokemon do, Krabby goes kooky kooky.
The score:
Guns n Roses Paradise city US
Now he's home, and I'm gone
Remove the slip and check they are the same length:
Most online poker rooms will offer you sign up deposit bonus. Many starting players are lured with these first time deposit bonuses without knowing that they are eligible for a rekaback.
And him not.
So you have decided to begin your 5-year project, building a gentlemans wardrobe. Great. So what do you do next?
2) Do not tell the children how to spend their own money. Have little talks about money wisdom, as described in #1, but let the children make their own choices and encounter the consequences thereof (without nagging or "I told you so"--that's the hard part). I do violate this principle in one small way--I begin the children with a $3 per week allowance, $1 for spending, $1 for giving back to God, and $1 for saving. When they have enough money saved to open a bank account, we help them open one. But I do insist they divide the money this way. At some point (and I suppose my oldest is at this point now), I'll just give them the money they are allotted and let them make the divisions, which is what CM suggests.
Now, tell the poor young children, O my brothers,
13. Cool Water
AND okay, this wasn't really "junk" but it was a bargain. $20!!!!!
That's right. Shut up. God wants you to. Jesus said so (Jesus is God's zombie spawn who came from the best excuse for adultery ever, in case you're confused. He's also God.)
On Monday my maternal grandmother will be 96. She's the one sitting, her older sister, who turned 101 this year, is standing.
I want to see her grow healthily and wealthily.
8) 18th Century Matthew Henry: "The counsels and decrees of God do not truckle to the frail and fickle will of man." Augustus Toplady: A mans free will cannot cure him even of the toothache, or a sore finger; and yet he madly thinks it is in its power to cure his soul. George Whitefield: "Man is nothing; he hath a free will to go to hell, but none to go to heaven, till God worketh in him" and "you dishonour God by denying election. You plainly make salvation depend, not on Gods free grace but on Mans free will." William Huntington: "This brought me out of the free-will fog, and truth shone in my heart like a comet  from that moment I waged war against free will."
3 tbsp soya sauce
Please DON'T comment on this post if you are not joining the stitch-a-long! Since some of you have multiple blogs, please tell me the name of the blog you will be posting your updates to. I will add your name & blog link to the list in this post. If you have commented and you have not been added to the list within a few days...I may have overlooked you...email me! Questions? Feel free to email me! International bloggers are welcome!
He is such a happy baby, and honestly rarely cries.
This experience has been a profound one.
Crisis in Congo PDF cites the average annual wage of a civilian worker in the Congo as about $184 per year. It estimates the profits of the armed groups that trade in the Congos contraband minerals at $180,000,000 per year.
So, I am used to splinters, scratches and cuts.
effortless ballet through swaths of impermeable ink.
Ashley is staying with her dad for now, until she finds an apartment, but we have offered for her to come back here if she wishes. It was so good to see her.
If you have items that you dont use, but are in good condition, they are prime candidates to sell or donate. Gather all of these items together in boxes or plastic bags.
Pages - 176
Possess the air
Nous esprons que vous tes dj all consulter le site Web de notre prochain congrs qui aura lieu  Canmore, en Alberta, du 14 au 16 mai. Si ce nest pas encore fait  vos souris!
Ah so, the hidden love is because even tho we love them, we are afraid to rebuke them. When we look at it that way, it goes with other Proverbs weve read about raising children.
The flames of Hell make home in the sky
In "A Mile in His Shoes", it is deeply moving to watch this young man develop and transform from being shy and alone, with mostly only his parents and his pig, for company... to believing in himself, having friends on the team, developing a stronger sense of courage, as well as keeping his faith in the Lord, and becoming a great baseball player, and in the end... making his parents extremely proud.
Then in 2009, Random decided to try again. It sent a letter to dozens of literary agents, warning them that the companys older contracts gave it the exclusive right to publish in ebook form, even where the contracts pre-dated the existence of digital formats.
As I wrote end of last year the latest release of Simply Sassy stamps have also been the last one that will be available at Sugar Nellie. Now the remaining members of the Simply Sassy DT "moved" to the Sugar Nellie DT. So this is my very first post as a official member of the Sugar Nellie DT... :)
Maybe my emotions are high because I'm sick.
We must find satisfaction, if not glory.
Do you suppose they'd let us play ourselves???
He named her Elsie, and barely had time to hand her over to me before I took off down the road. I grew up on bikes, and my Grandpa is an avid biker....still at 87 years old. He has never driven a car, and his bikes are everything to him.
Of his fairy figurines.
As the Scriptures say,
That's a risk Richard is willing to take. Jack tells Richard that he promised Sun that he'd get her off that Island and Richard wishes he didn't promise her that.
Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Panini
Tuesday: 1 hr strength training (Bob Harper inside out method)
I am taking advantage of my companys very generous health insurance scheme and am getting my bunions operated on at the end of this month.
11. Our Love Is Driftin'
A tender subject, though one very important to cover. Sex is an extremely powerful Magick, sacred in every tradition. Virginity is considered a Holy status by almost every spiritualist point-of-view.
I want to feel connected to your protagonist, to fall in love a little with him or her in the first few pages. But if the protag is telling me their history from fourth grade up, or if they spend five paragraphs walking down a road for no apparent reason, then they're not really telling me anything, and Im not going to invest my emotions and want to follow them along.
My relationships are deeper and more meaningful to me. This is especially true in my marriage. I also find Im more thankful of little things, simple pleasures, simple surprises.
Now that he's no longer working for PIMCO, McCulley is a bit more free to speak his mind. And he says the only way to jumpstart the U.S. economy is for the federal government to get behind a serious program to encourage consumer debt forgiveness and principal reductions on mortgages by banks. (tinyurl.com/3cbdjpk)
46. True Life Blues
It was a feature I wanted to use for my Gallery so I could show my images in a similar way. To do this on Dreamweaver I had to expand the width of the container so I could fit all my images in each set on each page designated, so the images could then be viewed from scrolling from side to side.
Well, I said, sitting on his knee, I like it. A lot.
He got his line back on Saturday.
except that time
This is a post about something Id never thought of until my master brought it up with me yesterday. Remember yesterday? It was Josh Groban Day on my blog. Hence, it was also the day I had to account for my actions. What on earth drove you to do that?! asked my master.
I didn't have anything planned for Sunday and it ended up being a rest day. I got a bunch of errands and chores taken care of and watched my husband race his car around a giant parking lot for a little bit.
See Participate Shop The items from the designers- (Coming Soon) check their cites or for a collective experience, submit a valid email to  register with a valid email at http://www.bkfff.com
The waitress that served us had a full-body tattoo of a green dragon on her back.
How did you hook up with Albini in the first place?
One of the conditions in accepting the award is to pass it along to five more blogs (or 6 if you can't narrow it down). So here are some of my favorite blogs that I would love to share some love with - if you have a moment please go visit them and then come back and leave a comment here and I will enter you for a giveaway.
(Major huffing and puffing from back seat)
However, I have a problem with taking flowers to someone sans a vase. Pourquoi you ask. I dont like to put the hostess in a position of having to search for a vase while shes greeting guests. In fact sending flowers the day before the party, or the day after is the rule in France. So I keep a spare vase to use for such an occasion. Its an all purpose kind of vase that will hold almost any bouquet. Problem solved.
Ugh I am BEYOND exhausted...I have no clue how I'm posting this right now! I've shopped til I dropped and sucked up as much New York life as one person possibly could. This has been an experience indeed and I'll tell you all about tomorrow...
Another writer friend tells me over and over that any writing is good writing, even when its bad, because at least you will have written. So, believing this to to be true, I use the multiple-project approach as a way to keep moving forward. If I get stuck on one project, rather than wallowing in the abject and tooth-pulling misery of being unable to come up with the exact right word, if I get stuck, I can just lateral the ball onto another project and keep moving down the field.
These principles might not work reliably well on charts cast using a tropical zodiac and using a modern house system, but they will be extremely sound and reliable if you apply them to birth charts cast using a sidereal zodiac and the ancient whole-sign house system.
He bent down and pulled out the ring, saying so fast the words all melted together into: wilyamaryme?
Beautiful night here at Kauffman, score is 5-2 to Red Sox top of the third. Catching up with and old palooka friend Colby, resident here in Kansas. He tells me KC havent made the playoffs since 1985has he not been reading my blog?
I do apologise for the poor lighting and photography! I am still getting used to our new camera!
Confirming the impression she made in September at the Silver Spring Citizens Advisory Board hearing, where she assembled only proponents of the curfew bill, Councilmember Ervin echoed the comments of Councilmembers Rice and Floreen in several respects: in her view, the curfew bill was about the safety of young people, and it was an answer to and a statement about something new:
Bonus entries: (leave a comment for each bonus entry)
It is interesting that of all the traps that the scribes and Pharisees could have come up with to set for Jesus this is the one they chose. This was not the work of a rocket scientist nor a well thought out plan. Perhaps this reveals their desperation or their ignorance or maybe it is a testament to the fact that their eyes were so blind they could not see the flaw in their plan much less the flaws in themselves.
Tell Him I languish, suffer, and die.
THANK YOU EVERYONE !! :-)
I dont know if you know this but we American arent taking this message as well as I think the Singaporeans are. Because its starting to get weird and cultish around here, they cant stop talking about grace grace grace! Grace is amazing, but so is Jesus, where did he go? Do you understand that all these grace followers do is sit around and talk about how this person is under condemnation and so is that person there worse than a bunch of gossiping teenage girls!
They do have one win to their name, back in 1966, but seven last-place finishes too. Lets just say that theyve never quite his a winning streak in the same way as some countries have. This is partly down to their fondness for sending comedy entries, and this is unfortunately the tactic they have resorted to this year.
As we don't have snow, sleighs or anything else that's in the original Jingle Bells song, Colin wrote some alternative lyrics for Aussies. It's sung a lot in schools at end of year concerts.
Throughout the day my boys go through so many ranges of emotion. They laugh, cry, leap for joy and do it all over again. They express their likes and dislikes and do not stiffle their emotions. They lay it all on the line whether we like it or not. If Aiden is hungry and wants a PB& J he doesn't care if we have a to-do list a mile long. His hunger doesn't have a pause button. If Ehric has something to say or if he is curious about something he is going to ask. If only we were all so intune to ourselves the way children are...what a different world would we live in.
"Maybe it was my reading diet as a child, maybe it's just the way I am but my writing always comes out a little bit... dark." - Jon Mayhew
and safe!
Media consultant and trainer Thomas Roth who conducted the management training said the course assisted the participants in identifying strategic tools that will improve programming and the performance of the stations.
Three Beautiful Things This Week was inspired by a wonderful blog that Clare writes called Three Beautiful Things. Everyday, Clare writes about 3 Beautiful Things that happen each day in her life. It's a wonderful blog! I can only hope to imitate her in a very small way.
"I think they're magic."
James Gordon, Director and Founder, Center for Mind-Body Medicine, has conducted mind-body skills trainings for patients and health care practitioners around the world. Gordon has said, Mind-body medicine requires that we ground information about the science of mind-body approaches in practical, personal experience; that we appreciate the centrality of meditation to these practices; and that we understandexperientially as well as scientificallythat the health of our minds and the health of our bodies are inextricably connected to the transformation of the spirit.
Another Monday... another reason to read JNSQ.
Lit by the last of the sun
That, of course, is exactly how Breivik views his own actions, in fact Breivik goes further, he does not only consider the Norwegian government to be oppressing his people, he believes the government is actively engaged in a deliberate act of genocide against his people.
The workers slept in an on-site trailer-dorm and got to work early, using mostly hand tools. They are building clusters of high rise residences, fairly dense urban housing. The government is energetically meeting the needs of the rural people who stream steadily into Shanghai, where they have the opportunity to make a fortune, or at least a living.
"Flat Bottom Cloud" Die-Namic by MFT
Extremism is a good example of its negative, sometimes destructive, effects. So is racialism.
God and Man
3. Ground Zero - "Zero 890604/China White"
2 sleep
Friday: Pizza
This guy was one of my favorites. Here he is getting dropped off by his mom, who paid and assessed the situation then left him to do his thang. Look how timid he is here! I saw him with his posse a few hours later and he was the king of swagger.
So with seeing this sunset, I thought I'd write a poem about it. I didn't realise until the moment I finished it that it was prayer, the sensation I got writing it was just incredible! What I wrote was so true, so simple, that it connected me to my Lord. Feeling that connection was something I haven't felt for a long time, the connection you get when He lets you know He hasn't left you. The feeling I get when I'm at summer school was the same feeling I got through this poem - that 'high' feeling where you are totally in awe and in love with the Lord and you feel it back. I have to be honest, it's not something I feel all the time. It's not something you will feel all the time. Faith is a blind thing most of the time, but God does confirm it to time to time. Sort of saying "don't worry, I'm still here, you're doing great keep it up.'
By nature, I am a woman who looks for the straightest line between two points. The one point is where I am and the other is where I want to be. I am a doer. I want to check it off my list and I want it to stay checked. :) I want to drive the shortest, and fastest way to the store or the school. I want to order my life so that it works at maximum efficiency.
Be warned, I may be limited to haikus until further notice. This is not one of them. But now that you mention it
I don't want to go too into detail (everyone knows you aren't supposed to share too much online!), but I wanted to represent how I saw myself (the black and white part) and how other people could see me (the collage). I chose to use colour and put it in the center because the outside is what we see first, but it's also not very life like because it doesn't always show who we really are.
I am so grateful for you and your support to me and my blog! Without my readers, I would have no inspiration to create...in my spare time! I hope you don't mind that I don't update every day or even regularly for that matter, and thank you for understanding that my family comes first!
Let me know you understand my story, HEAL MY SOUL
Now don't get me wrong: last time I checked I was a male, and the idea of a cute female human thinking I was all that and a bag of chips is an appealing idea. And why is that? Because - check me if I'm wrong, guys - that just doesn't happen in the real world.
In the future, I might start this strategy sooner because it really helped get me to the end.
Until safety
*West Coast Literary Associates (also d/b/a California Literary Services)
It is emotionally abusive to ask me to do something, only asking because you want to benefit from the thing youre asking me to do, and when I use the power I have to say NO, you began degrading me claiming, Youre not healed. You think youre healed but you arent healed. You continue with a condescending tone, You need to be delivered, something is wrong with you.
And she heard him, but she tested him with a fake curl of the lip: "Um, come again, Sir?"
We are also running fixed price evening meals in the first half on the week. From Sundays to Wednesdays, after 6pm, its two main courses and a bottle of house red, white or rose wine for 26.
On Tuesday the 18th, we left. Late. I think we got out of the house at 3:00 in the afternoon, or close to it! But, once we actually got on the road, we were cheerful. The three of us enjoy traveling together.
Karl Marx talks of exploitation of labour. More vicious is the exploitation of women which we practise shamelessly. The amount of drudgery that a woman does in the privacy of the house would need scores of maids. Yet all that she gets in return is shabby and sullen treatment. No allowance is made even for the career women who have a hard time walking the tight rope  managing the household and the office at once. A silent, suffering woman is not merely the stuff of Hindi films. It is a harsh reality which belittles us in the eyes of others.
In a big bowl, pour litchi pure, incorporate beaten egg whites so you get an homogene mixture, then fold in the whipped cream.
Rnds 7-19) ch1, hdc in same st as joining, hdc in each st around. (I made color changes on rnds 12-16)
Hachi: what are you reading?
However, despite the pros and cons of re-making films, this is part and parcel of the world of celluloid, along with profitable franchises and a frequent formulaic approach to storytelling. But is there any other creative industry where a similar style would be just as easily accepted?
So my inspiration for this came from the fact that breakfast is my favorite meal to cook, coupled with the fact that I love a good breakfast bake that you can make in advance so all you have to do is pull it out in the morning a little while beforehand to take the chill off and throw it in the oven. While this is not entirely the same, it does take some of the hassle out of making a great breakfast for the ones you love and provide them with a fantastic start to their day. Each one of these can be a very, healthy single serving or easily cut in half to serve two along with some bacon or hasbrowns.
The thing that needs to be said here is that this isnt what we assumed would happen in the game  it is exactly what we EXPERIENCED happening in the game. For a couple of reasons. Firstly because in Call of Cthulhu, its rare that all your skills can work at once. Whereas in Esoterrorists, youre most often standing in a crime scene or evidence scene, using your eyeballs and inherent knowledge. So you ARE rattling things off. This is doubly true in a social situation where you are using your eyeballs on a suspect. Bam bam bam, until we get a hit. And of course, the nature of the game, as written, is playing Find the Box, so players quickly learn to seek the box as quickly as possible.
Let's recap why the Jones abode is sure to run smoother as a result:
Here's how the next month went (by the way, Jenny was involved in all of this, too):
Then I sat on my hiney for two more days.
5. Risk burning the jam
The lucky winner of last weeks challenge is:
For this expanded edition, Nelson has added chapters on Full Metal Jacket and Eyes Wide Shut, and, in the wake of the director's death, reconsidered his body of work as a whole. By placing Kubrick in a historical and theoretical context, this study is a reliable guide intoand out ofStanley Kubrick's cinematic maze.
I know this sounds a bit far-fetched, depending on how far you wanna be fetched, but this is a true story. Seeing that Ive always liked stories, even as a child. Ill start this one with.
I find it interesting that my becoming anarchist went hand-in-hand with my embracing of unschooling. Coming out of a not-so-great time in my early to mid teenage years, a time characterized by feelings of depression, of feeling like an outcast, and of not knowing who I was as a person or what I should be doing, I started reading extensively about both unschooling and anarchism. And, not long after I decided, with both relief and a new found conviction, that unschooling really had been the right thing for me, and really was an amazing way of looking at and living Education, I finally found a political view that truly spoke to me, that felt right in the most fundamental way.
As we are about to celebrate the purification, we are writing: you should celebrate the feast days.
Pickles N Ammo and the Hamburgler joined the masses:
And at this moment one of those beliefs, the main beliefs that puts a halt to changing all other beliefs, that is stored in your subconscious is saying, Then there is nothing I can do, this seems rather permanent
And then I know I dont want to be.
I remember the assumptions I made before reading Forgive My Fins, the first book in the series. I was quite reluctant to read it. Now with Fins are Forever, I had the same feelings. Not that I didn't want to read it, I kind of just thought that it won't be good as the last book. I'm still trying to figure out why I had these doubts and where they came from as I did in fact enjoy reading Fins are Forever.
The ladder of the knowledge of God, in other words, only goes one way. We can only know God as God has revealed Himself to us, and we can never determine who God is by our own means and definitions. We cannot take from any earthly definition and move upward toward God; all our understandings of God must be received, downward, from Him in revelation. But this is precisely where the good news begins, because this is exactly what God has done. He, recognizing the gap between our knowledge and Him, has made a way for us to know Him. Humanity could not reach God, but God condescended to reach humanity.
Over two parts, this article will analyse the following: the landscape going into the 13th general elections, how we can expect both Pakatan Rakyat and Umno linked interests to act in the coming weeks and months in light of this landscape, some increasingly likely scenarios for election day and its aftermath including the possibility of violence, and what we can do to prevent any disasters.
Now you see how vital it is for us to obey 2 Timothy 2:15, to rightly divide the word of truth.
But, thanks to the wonder of Facebook and perseverance by all of us, we managed to reconnect with E in the past few months. We've exchanged lots of emails and planned to get together whenever two or more of us was in the same place. E lives in New Hampshire, L in London, and me in KSA. We had tried to all be in the same place at the same time, but, sadly, L couldn't make it home in June. E's mom and I set the date for me to go to the family home for dinner.
I see this disparity between the young and old evangelicals, as resulting from their experiences in being in sudden contact with liberal Christians, non-Christians and mass-culture in general. The realizations come fast and furious: Wait, how can we be anti-abortion without caring about what actually happens to children after they are born? This starts them thinking in all kinds of new political ways, as they see what Cardinal Bernardin called "the seamless garment"--the concept that "life issues" include war, poverty, the environment, immigration and other global concerns.Across the nation this week, 53 percent of Republicans were more enthusiastic about voting than usual, compared to 45 percent of Democrats, Gallup reported. But among voters ages 18 to 29, enthusiasm fell by 28 percent since 2008, and by 21 percent among 30- to 49-year-olds.
Too cool! Get out! We each the others sentence could complete.
"This Pennsylvania band has a nice raunchy sound and excellent lyrics, but I find the Heavy Metal guitar leads all but intolerable, HM damage permeates the entire EP to such a degree only metal maniacs could fully appreciate it. It's too bad, though, because I think there are some good ideas lurking beneath the guitar wanking."
Visting the site (at time of writing) currently provides no answer either, but there are more puzzles involving moving matchsticks, joining dots with the fewest number of straight lines and working out next symbols in series. Maybe the answer will be revealed later today, or in the following weeks. Although I'm sure tons of you will know the answer anyway.
The description doesn't sound much different from a lot of other succulents- a rosette of thick, fleshy leaves, often lance-shaped, and often with spines. Not much help there. Their flowers are interesting, but I don't have a picture of one. Enjoy the leaves, though.
The right person for this job will have experience on a vegetable farm, be interested in all things fresh, local, farm-to-table and sustainably grown, have an interest in this unique, contemporary farm-to-table (0pen weekends, pre-fixe, reservations only, 24 seats) and the farm as well.
I spent a long time on this, even though it's very simple. Mostly because I was playing around with this feature or that feature so I was moving things around a lot. This is "all me" in that I didn't use a premade sketch or drag-n-drop template. I just placed things and moved things around, changed the colors and the papers several times, added embellishments and deleted them. Wished for a "splatter" but couldn't find one in the items I downloaded (although I'm sure there was one out there somewhere). I settled on the swirly doodle. The best part of the layout? It was a wonderful Inside Out moment for me and working through my residual depression over losing Hunter last March.
Howdy fellow bloggers! Are you having a great NSD so far?
"Wait," I reply, tearing my eyes away from the suitcase with great difficulty. "You're not here to arrest us for killing Kathleen Ortiz?"
head down,
Reattached:
Also you can get 100% XP bonus from monster kills from 25th April to the end of the event.
Things I discovered while dressed as a redneck:
1. we suggested that the meetings be held the second Tuesday of every month (have to double check with The Coney). This allows us to have a set time every month that is easy to remember, regardless of date, and can be helpful when we advertise.
(Note to self - Do not attempt photoshop tutorial on a Monday night.
Egypt 54 Lebanon 13 Turkey 11
I cooked up some Rotini.
Ladle carefully into your hot, sterilised jar, and place a square of baking paper over the cap. Seal immediately and store in the fridge.
Can't think of one.
The theist has an easy time explaining the notion of our cognitive equipments functioning properly: our cognitive equipment functions properly when it functions in the way God designed it to function. The atheist evidential objector, however, owes us an account of this notion. What does he mean when he complains that the theist without evidence displays a cognitive defect of some sort? How does he understand the notion of cognitive malfunction?
So this morning when I got to work, I read this and it made me feel much better. There is a lot going for me right now and I need to focus on the positive. If I let this or that get me down everything I've worked my butt off for will come crumbling down. I can't let this happen. I don't need a man to hang up my art work or mirrors, I need a power drill; I don't need a man to tell me I look smashing in that dress, I know I do; I don't need a man to run with me or go wine tasting with me or shuck oysters with me or cook with me... clearly I can do all of these on my own.
Since there was little incidental cost to recording movies, we recorded lots, but we only ever went back and watched a handful. Some got a lot of play. I watched Spaceballs and The Goonies over and over until my mom got sick of them and recorded over the tapes. Most, though, got watched once, if at all. If someone came over and wanted to watch a movie, we had plenty of options, though. That may have been what kept my mom buying those twelve-packs of tapes.
For someones granddaughter turning 17
Wait! but wait stayed in his head.
I've been in the bottom of a glacier crevasse, on top of many mountains, broken my leg skiing, nearly frightened myself to death more times than I care to remember being half way up a rock climb that really I shouldn't have been on.
I kinda wish that rooster would stay out of my freezer! And take the spirit of Herbert "A Chicken in Every Pot" Hoover with him!
Music Stores
Are you going to see the movie tonight? This weekend? I can't believe it's all over after this :( :(
Soggy tan pork chops are not tasty. Potato salad which has been diluted enough to run off ones plate is not worth catching. When choosing paper plates, cheaper is not always better. And when the sky looks angry, one may need to pay attention.
She does a lot of multi-tasking, so she's always looking for an audiobook. I've finally convinced her NOT to listen to audiobooks when she's trying to do homework, but if she's working on art projects, it's okay, and of course it is fine to do if she's just texting/facebooking her friends. And -- like her mother -- having a compelling audiobook to listen to encourages her to actually do some cleaning up. She enjoyed They Never Came Back, as did I (linked to my full review).
You encounter a Mr. Zimmer whose most distinguishing feature is a deep indentation from the center of his nose to the center of his upper lip (this is called a philtrum). You could form a mental picture of a pot simmering in this indentation (philtrum).
Good riddance! Im so glad shes finally gone! Ebony was comepletely gorgeous but good god, she couldnt model to save her life. This was one of the most horrid, cringe inducing commercials I have ever seen. That little jump thing at the end? No one should do that. Ever. EVER.
Some of the stop motion effects are awfully dated, but Gremlins is still a fun view today. Phoebe Cates in her heyday as Billys girlfriend Kate is also a joy to behold. And yes, that is Howie Mandel voicing Gizmo. That is also Tom Bergeron as a TV news reporter. Watch for producer Steven Spielberg as a man in an electric wheelchair. But do watch. Gremlins is a sometimes gruesome, but always fun classic
You know what? I need some inspiration. Poems are hard to write this late at night. HOLY CRAP, THAT RHYMED AND I DIDNT EVEN TRY TO DO THAT. anyway, Im gonna take a break, have some more of this rum, and watch The Larry Sanders Show
Luckily we have a birthday party coming up so I have channeled their craftiness into projects to help the celebrations. But if you are stuck here are some ideas.
Green Peas  1/4 cup
How to Buy a Copier
Yessometimes things can be made fun of which shouldnt besometimes things are just damn funny.
Some day I hope I will find forgiveness in my heart, even though I will never forget. In the meantime, I am learning to lean on my friends for support. Having wonderful friends helps a lot, but I have to learn to handle things on my own and support myself. So to my wonderful friends, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your continued support as I learn to stand on my own two feet.
Because we owe OURSELVES... A Little Respect...
Jessica gave him a photo. Her name is Sooyoung and i want you to Jessica whispered about her plan into the guys ear.
And then there was a big bag of pressed glass beads too. I'm going to sort them soon so I can get a good overview of what's in that pile. Lots of shapes and colours, including some I hadn't seen before. Yum!
It is thus crucial for Malaysia to have a small but credible and effective naval force to not only safeguard its sovereignty and maritime interests but also contribute to the regions maritime security and safety, he added.
While My Love is normally a big proponent of moderation and portion control. However, when she passes a farm-fresh stand of berries or squash she suddenly comes under the delusion that our home doubles as a way station for ravenous armies of vegan extremists.
Information about the band Axe isn't widely available, but one of their key members Rod Alexander is still active today, with a biography that boasts involvement with the likes of The Everley Brothers, Ritchie Blackmore, Mike Berry and "Left and to the Back" favourite Rolf Harris. He also apparently enjoyed some time in West Africa during his career, which might explain why this pressing of "Running Wild" appears to be Gambian in origin - thanks to the forum posters Vinyl_Junkie and carryonsidney over at 45Cat for digging that information up. This is the only African pressing I own at the moment, and God knows how it ever managed to worm its way back into the UK...
When I told her the best way of treating them to ensure the infection goes away and they retain their sight, I was so much sure than I ever am. Im not a caretaker type, I shy away from responsibility whenever I can, I hate that feeling of something or someone depending on you and forgiving you immediately whenever you screw up. Theres no balance, theres just blatant forgiveness.
crisis.
Director: Robert Stevenson
I love your Eskimo kisses,
and hang onto the whats left in me
Maybe it was just too much for me to process, and now my brain finally has. Maybe I was triggered by counseling today. Maybe by Ais new facebook post. Maybe by thoughts that a bunch of alums will be visiting this weekend and how am I going to handle that. Maybe because its concert week and that just makes me think about dance and Ai and how much I want to be a part of both concert and Ais life. Maybe its hormones. Hell if I know.
Best moment this week: I don't know about "best," but feeling my first Braxton Hicks contraction was quite interesting.
Its almost time for a weekend of disguises, family, friends, shivers, and of course some tasty treats!
No vintage for Kitty style this week. My bedroom is a mountain of clean washing that needs putting away and Kitty's room is pretty much in the same state so rather than chose a particular outfit this week we played pull some random clothes from the washing pile. This little gap dress was a fave last year and it still fits but is a little short. We teamed it with an old wash worn pair of navy leggings also from gap and a pom pom hairclip from gymboree. I would have put her red chucks on to complete the look but as you can see from the last pic Kitty had a little skateboarding accident the other day and has scraped the skin off the top of her feet. Obviously she is not keen on shoes right now so while we are home she is barefoot. I'm not sure what she was doing in these photos but it sure was making me dizzy.
Add to that the quarrels, the betrayals, the battles, the sorrow, and, above all, the mystery of those two little Princes - the heirs to the house of York - and you have a tale fit to entrance anybody. And other authors have certainly managed to make this story of the War of the Roses absolutely gripping.
- Sephora
Women of this Town for whose
lining) inside. Backside of diaper embrodiered with design shown in photo. Diaper has a
It depends on her mood
Do you ever get tired of waiting? It is a part of life. We wait in line at the grocery store. We wait in line at our favorite department stores. We wait in line to buy fast food. We wait for appointments at the doctor and dentist office. We wait for services at the hair and nail salon. We wait for the computer to accomplish various tasks. Even with high speed Internet connections, it still seems that we have to wait longer than we should. Or perhaps, I'm just extremely impatient where computer tasks are concerned.
post-punk, it's because she was busy exploring "the great indoors"
I knew that I wanted my card to be "shabby chic" and "frilly" so I pulled out my box of ribbons and lace. I didn't have any large flower elements so I decided to make my own. To make it, I just took several loops of ribbon along with some straight strands of ribbon glued all together then added mini roses and a large rose.
Thats fine, thats great, Im firm believer in making the games you want to see but dressing it up as some sort of moral superiority and promoting it by denigrating others is not only self-deluded, but unethical itself.
If you're like me and already have a great lady or fella in your life, you can take that lucky person out for a night on the town. Or if you're single, you can get yourself a new outfit to help you feel fabulous on your next date.
Friday Feast will follow ASAP - lost the recipe but woke up in the night remembering where it is :)
Parts of those exclusive rights are to prepare the derivative work, to replicate such work in other copies, to disseminate the copies of the works to the public, to have the presentation of the work open to the public, to showoff the copyrighted piece of work in public, to utilize the digital audio transmission for sound recordings, the rights of integrity and attribution to the original authors of visual arts, and it is held illegal to mess up with any work that is protected by the copyright law.
We also popped open some wine (yeah, it was about 7:00 a.m.) that Barbara had bought in Germany a few nights prior. The description said "apple wine." It tasted more like piss wine. Barbara took one sip and was done. I think Ben and Matt finished a little of their glass while I, like a trooper, downed mine. I just didn't breathe and pretended that it tasted like Welch's grape juice.
He lay on top of her. She spasmed as the pins pressed in further with his weight, but it wasnt enough. He ran his fingers up the sides of her rib cage and pushed his chest against hers.
~Wind and cold weather suck. Especially when it's supposed to be warm so that I can kick the kids outside to play.
Quicky update #2: I dont like Liam Smith anymore. Ever since ice hockey season ended, I havent seen him (its been like a month!) so I was forced to stop liking him for my mental health. It took me three weeks to stop liking him and those weeks were agonizing. Trying to stop talking about a guy who you are still 100% totally in love with is hard. But time is the only way to get over a boy, and time worked! I still have mini feelings for him, but defiantly not as much as before.
Apparently satisfied with his stepsons reaction, Mike held the door open for Damien and his mom to enter the terminal first. After you, Damien Heston, he said. Our chariot awaits.
Due to the BFG's extraordinary way with words, I decided to purchase the book in paperback so that I could see the spelling. This has the added bonus of including the wonderful illustrations by Quentin Blake, whose imagery is so inherently a part of Dahl's works that it would be a sin to pass them by.
Ive touched on this subject before: manifestation. When this mornings windfall occurred, I realized I hadnt intentionally been manifesting my desires for quite some time. Sure, I think wistfully about these things in passing, but it has been weeksmonths, evensince I sat down and made a list of what I want to receive, and sent it with a grateful nod into the unknown. WE SHOULD BE DOING THIS EVERY WEEK! It doesnt take much time out of your day, and it is so important. Think about it this way: the planet is getting more and more populated every day. The Universe has never been so inundated with requests. If you dont put your nose to the grindstone, you might not get what you desire. Believe me, its worth it and you deserve it!
Background: Lemme just point out that I am an ardent Manchester United fan and would watch any match they play in, even if its in a mickey mouse league like the Europa (gag, I must say these bore me a tad bit) but just watching those guys run across the field (whilst I yell take off your shirt dammit) makes me happy. I always watch the Utd matches at home and rarely accept any invitations to socialize with the girls on these days even when they promise me that there will be a tv screen nearby where I can watch without disturbance. Yeah right!! Have you ever been seated with a bunch of girls during a soccer match? They never stop yapping!!! Ill pass thank you, my couch is just fine!
sucked in tight and lazy
"He'd love something with pumpkin," she suggested.
One way to circumvent both obstacles is to find a wordladen song for a not-very-wordy book: Smitten by Rachel Hale. One of my brothers, knowing my love for kittens, gave it to me. Its not very involved (kittens accompany a variety of proverbs and other aphorisms), but I know the perfect song for it.
25 gr (1 oz)desiccated coconut
"Do you want it, Jessica? I bet Rachel would love it." The shopkeeper said. "Only seventy-five dollars."
Bailey Cates writes the Magical Bakery Mysteries. The first in the series, Brownies and Broomsticks, releases today in mass market paperback and ebook formats from NAL/Penguin. She also writes the Home Crafting Mystery Series as Cricket McRae. The sixth in that series, Deadly Row to Hoe, will release in November from Midnight Ink/Llewellyn. There's a giveaway, so be sure to leave a comment. And check back this weekend to see if you won.
1 organ
I wonder how reflective this is of mealtimes across Scotland these days, and what The Bard might have made of it all
I was delighted when British Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy recently expressed their antagonism towards multiculturalism. I suppose the Zuma administration was too busy counting the number of Zimbabweans, Nigerians, Tanzanians, etc, who are pouring into this country at an alarming rate, to even take notice of what these learned European leaders were saying!
My assessment is that it's even money, if not more likely, that we'll
Perhaps, youve just woken up and youve run to your email to read my post, after brewing a cup of coffee. Last night you enjoyed an overabundance of Mexican food or as your intestines like to call it, MexiCANT food and now, the coffee has hit, your stomach is rumbling and your brain synapses are firing incorrectly. You say to yourself, SWEET DOO-DOO, thats not very nice. Why would Sweet Mother call her new intern the Canadian and American version of a word that children use for excrement? How nasty. Sweet Mother has lost it. Oh, I need to run to the bathroom, its time to drop the kids off at the pool.
I want to know if you play PES and what you like about it as well as what you hope the 2013 edition will be like. Please leave your thoughts and opinions in the comments section below.
and sitting
So after I tried the blogging thing, and it didnt work the first time, I have mustered up this one and am doing it again. I know you all must be thrilled to have to back.
I think it's quite unique to Scotland. The Scottish have a bit of a reputation for on one hand for having a sweet tooth and on the other, deep frying everything from pizza (no joke - dipped in batter and deep fried !) to mars bars.
2 cloves garlic, peeled & roughly chopped
Thats easy, Ive done harder ones than that! chirped the little one confidently.
Meanwhile, theres a drilling sensation inside my head; it pushes through the bones of my skull, and makes me think that Im going crazy.
The good news is that for all the places, save for Tokyo, I have a set of common (own) slides to present (just a few tweaks). For Tokyo I was hurriedly capturing (using Snapz Pro X on the Mac - great app) the video of what I had to talk about (from a talk in San Jose a few weeks earlier). It just finished post-processing (thankfully) about 2 minutes before I left home ! Thankfully I have a 12hr flight to rehearse the presentation in time for a rehearsal tomorrow.
 Games) announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Trion Worlds, Inc. (Trion Worlds), a leading US-based game publisher and developer, for the exclusive license to operate its highly-anticipated 3D MMORPG RIFT in mainland China.
Now its time to actually quilt.
Candlemas, before Gregorian calendar takeover, was held as a celebration of light on the first new moon in February. It is significant that Losar, Tibetan New Year, still takes appearance of the New Moon in February each year as its calendar starting date: this year Losar falls on February 15th.
Italianamerican (Martin Scorsese, 1974) - "Through their funny, charming stories, there emerges a portrait of the Italian-American experience in New York, and indeed the experience of all lower-class immigrants struggling to make lives for themselves in a new land. The cramped apartments, the large families, the kids working as soon as they're old enough rather than continuing in school, the wife supplementing her husband's income with sewing, the cooking, the sense of community: it's all told with such obvious love and tenderness and joy that the hardships and struggles don't seem nearly as important as the love of life and the hard-working values of these people."
There are many things in this world I am afraid of - Losing my family, a fire in my home, hairy French Canadian men in Speedos vacationing on Maine beaches - but only one stops me dead in my tracks and paralyzes me like no other.
3. Cast Your Spell Uranus (Ballard) 4:29
On a subject other than art, Ben and I take Owen to the Child Development Centre every week, and on one visit they gave us some songs and activities that could help him (and Angus) develop the baby things that they need to develop.
Maggie (Blog Contributor for Bella Bella Boutique)
But what seems to be happening now is that football fans are de-humanising the opposition, their players and their fans. They cease to be Adrian from Accounts, they become that Manc B*stard. And after all theyre all the same, arent they? Those Manc b*stards.
People say that to a degree, every family is dysfunctional. I personally dont have an experience of this  my family is big and loud and we all have similar interests and are always talking and ringing each other to borrow books, movies, clothes. We go to the pub together, to the cinema, some of my siblings came to stay for New Year and we had an awesome party... So I am lucky, but I know a lot of people who are less lucky than me, and everybody has their secrets its just that some are bigger than others, and Bruce Bechdels secret was definitely one of the bigger ones.
15 And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?
And when the term (time limit) was prolonged for the Muslims and their hearts were hardened and they forgot their religion and became ignorant of the fact (that for what purpose Allah (swt) has sent and chosen them from among the great number of mankind and from the great number of nations of the earth. Allah (swt) said:
Although the forthcoming roll of Stefano will end any fears he may have of being typecast, being known as The Karate Kid should be an honour as Karate is underrated in the eyes of the general public and a lot of stereotypes surrounding it seem to exist.
This is the lovely purple flower stamp used on Lauras German postcard. She told me that she is not very good in her English lessons. Believe me, she does just fine, especially compared to me. I know very few German words! No where near enough to write a postcard to someone! She also said that the mouse on the postcard is famous in Germany.
Took Blushing bride CS (to retire next month, sadly so I am stocking up) diecut the petite purse then embossed it with the snowburst EF (carried over so still available)- thought it looked 'basket weave'-y. Chopped off the top and the rounded corners of the side to make an open purse.
4th CFL-3 Larry Holmes
Kairo and its remake Pulse are excellent examples of the cultural transformation that takes place with American remakes of J-horror. While many of the original meanings are lost, remakes can supply us with a study of our own cultural fears and how we handle them.
To summarize, Bickham states that there are essentially 2 components to a story - scene, or the part where something happens, and structure, the part where the character reflects on what has happened. According to Bickham, scene and structure usually play out in the following pattern:
Sure, there were things that we never fully got used to being the school girls we were raised to be but even those somehow shocking stuff were less and less disturbing after a while. Or rather some of us found ways to avoid looking at what we dont want to see or not to think about what we dont want to think about. We learned to be girls scouts and know how to work around a potential problem.
Bama-12 yrs
On to my project! I decided to make a scripture mini album and this is what I came up with. It is all about " F a i t h " in this one have a look
For those of you who are Team King Bill...
The particular situations around Leafs detain are generally not immediately very clear. Bennett claims he or she hasnt noticed a report outlining the particular allegations.
On Facebook I wrote:
After over five decades of flirtation with Rome, from serious series (I, Claudius and The Caesars) to populist pop-ins (Doctor Who), Western TV has Spartacus, a shameless celebration of strength, beauty and iron determination in a brutal world. Japan has also contributed to the sword-and-sandal genre. But instead of reflecting the modern age in the brutality of the arena, Thermae Romae reveals the empires of Rome and Japan through spa architecture. The brotherhood of the baths replaces the brotherhood of blood and sand.
The Court recalls, first, that the Directive on the legal protection of computer programs1 extends copyright protection to the expression in any form of an intellectual creation of the author of a computer program2. However, ideas and principles which underlie any element of a computer program, including those which underlie its interfaces, are not protected by copyright under that directive.
This year, we lost a lot of games, most of them by more than 10 points, and I think the worst was around 40-50 points. It was painful to watch them, and a lot of my friends who are diehard Blazer fans even quit watching them and went for other teams. Now thats saying something about our team, and its not good at all. Anyway, so I started analyzing a few players individually and our team as a whole and have come up with what I think are very well educated opinions.
That might sound counter-intuitive given the City's obvious vertical emphasis of late. Its new skyscrapers, adjoining or replacing Seifert or Gollins Melvin Ward's more sombre '70s efforts, are the result of Ken Livingstone's failed Faustian Pact in the early '2000s  skyscrapers for Section 106 agreements, a manifestly misguided attempt by a GLA without tax-raising powers to finance new social housing, resulting in a few 'affordable' studio flats slotted behind waterside yuppiedromes. The architectural results here too are often fair as these things go  American corporate modernism made more interesting by being slotted at random into the medieval street plan, creating strongly memorable accidental vistas. SOM's Bishopsgate Tower is ruined by its height restrictions, squat where it should be sweeping, but KPF's Heron Tower is less compromised. The Gherkin still feels barely corporeal up close, like a piece of GGI. And in typically, the new domestically-named towers under construction will entail both Vinoly's whimsical 'Walkie-Talkie' and Rogers' more rigorous 'Cheesegrater'. Seen from, say, the viewing area of Tate Modern, the new City skyscrapers compare well with Canary Wharf's axial beaux-arts boredom. But it's hard to ponder their architectural qualities in the face of the fact that, despite the bailouts, despite capsizing capitalism, the City is merrily going on as if nothing had happened. If you want to know why OccupyLSX is necessary, consider the fact that the public purse funds the City's new generation of financial phalli, while they squeal against a Tobin tax.
Keep me in your prayers
On August 13, with American commanders unaware that a peace protocol had been signed between Spain and the United States on the previous day, American forces captured the city of Manila from the Spanish. Governor-General Fermin Jaudenes had made a secret agreement with Dewey and General Wesley Merritt. Jaudenes specifically requested to surrender only to the Americans, not to the Filipino rebels. To save face, he proposed a mock battle with the Americans preceding the Spanish surrender; the Filipinos would not be allowed to enter the city. Dewey and Merritt agreed to this, and no one else in either camp knew about the agreement. On the eve of the mock battle, General Thomas M. Anderson telegraphed Aguinaldo, Do not let your troops enter Manila without the permission of the American commander. On this side of the Pasig River you will be under fire.
Awesome friend(hereafter known as AF): Do you know who those people are?
You have heard me profess my love for Need to Breathe plenty of times before. By far one of my all time favorites. They have a new album that just came out called "The Reckoning". This band is definitely southern rockish with songs that definitely have some Jesus loving undertones without being in your face. Awesome as always!
In the book, we learn how she observes Hemingway struggling through his writing.
Many, many years later, I revisited this whole bizarre time in my life. It felt like someone else's memories had been downloaded into my brain. Was that really me? Was I really that zealous and blindly accepting? What the Hell did my mother think about the whole thing? What made me decrease my commitment to my church and my religion?
Her mom is not dead. She is trapped in the past, in the year 1543, and Hope is needed to bring her back. She joins the team of new recruits to the society of Viators, time travelelers, as they prepare for the longest road trip ever.
We finished it Tuesday then Weds I started to get the tree ready to go out. It looked like a Christmas bomb went off in our house Weds night....lol Today "Thursday" I finished getting it all packed up I had to buy one more Christmas tote. But its so organized now, so happy! Here is the pics I snapped and thought I share the way I am storing Christmas items so next year maybe It will be little easier.
On its website, the centre describes itself as "an independent consultancy focusing on the historical, political and legal aspects of the Palestinian Refugees."
Noel
Now I know that its true, and as I deal with a different layer of burn out  not necessarily job related (although thats part of it)  but health and life related I think about this a lot. Stop trying so hard, Carmen. Your body knows whats best.
Good Morning Everyone, Im afraid I will be not posting any cards for a few days as my mother in law passed away early yesterday morning, and I dont think its appropriate at this time, I will be back hopefully at the weekend, but I just want a few days to myself to come to terms with whats happened.
array of chocolate concoctions. During the festival, they were serving chocolate skulls paired with the Breckenridge Distillery Bourbon. Woowee! That was some pairing. You can purchase some of their products online, including Albatross (chocolate, blue cheese, salted fudge), Tequila infused chocolate sauce, and Tub of Love (Italian Hazelnut spread).
Second, and this is probably just me, the position of the friend filming Paige and Leos wedding does not match up with the angle the of video when we see it played back later. The friend filming can be seen standing on the same side as the friend conducting the ceremony when we first see their wedding. When the video is played back, the video looks as if it was shot from the audiences point of view from when we first saw the wedding.
Dont give up. And dont keep gnawing over one book if you cant sell it; put it aside and start another. And another. A publisher who takes you on is going to want more than one book out of you, so theres no harm in practising! The other important thing is to know how and when to take advice about your writing. If youre hearing an opinion that rings even vaguely true with you, or if it comes from more than one source, theres a good chance its sound. Be willing to adapt and change things and realise it doesnt necessarily mean compromising your story.
But Jewry has now met its match. Its nemesis, Vladimir Putin, is warning the Jewish led-by-the-nose US and NATO that they will not be allowed to repeat their feat in Libya of overthrowing Muammar Gadhafi by ousting Syrias president Bashar al-Assad.
Linda: Im going to be the recorder of what happens.
My heart is that you would be set free. Right now. In this moment.
NF-JK, NF-UA, NF-UC
Although the need to release could be perceived as funny, Mike was always discreet about his private time because he knew deep down it was better to be the teller of a joke than the subject of one.
I tried to call Cynthia, but couldnt make the connection. I took the elevator to the lobby, where Hugh was waiting. I thought he knew. He didnt. I had to break the news to him.
So, I have a few questions: What are your thoughts on the common core? Are you currently using The Daily Five in your classroom? How does it work for you?
Patterned papers from one of my favourite brands, Pion. Love them! They have just released their chrissy collection "I vntan p Tomten II" and guess what, I ordered it and cant wait to get crafty with them :)
~No, do you know how fast I was driving?
As the wild landscape surrenders to timber harvests, pasture, agriculture and the needs of society, many of the ceibos are spared. They remain as living monuments to our vanishing rain forests. -Z
Skills:
Anna Boshoff, daughter of apartheid-era Prime Minister H.R. Verwoerd, is the principle of the school. The children treat her like a grandmother. One of her sons, Wynand Boshoff, is head teacher. A guest speaker demonstrates an earth building technique. Wynand takes off shoes and mixes mud with the students.
Stylistically, it falls somewhere between a bitter and a golden ale - with all the citric and floral sharpness of a 'gold', but with all the full bodied hop dryness and firm malts of a jolly decent bitter.
Let's say it's a glorious day in July. Warm, but not too hot. Not a cloud in the sky.
10.Vontade de Matar
He said he does not understand how people abuse alcohol, as it was not fun at all. LOL! I told him you have to build up a tolerance, not just jump right in. I think he will take it a little easier today. I guess he wasn't too drunk, he came home up $5.75. :-)
So much as this is matter of plain history, but it is another question whether, within the precincts of the Oxford University itself, there has been preserved since the days of William III. and of his successor Queen Anne, a tradition and a line of doctrinal opinion and influence, which, though at one time it became feeble and faltering, never absolutely died out, and which has revived, so to speak, from its ashes during the last half century; and whether, accordingly, the present development of Romish ideas and Romanising activity, taken as a whole, may be said to be a natural English revival, derived from the Non-Jurors of two centuries ago.
As an admittedly rabid fan of Futurama, I have always wanted to do a bit of a tongue-in-cheek piece on the 'Stop-and-Drop' Suicide Booths in the cartoon series. I think we don't treat death with sufficient humour - and the few that do, probably do it more for the ripples of muffled indignant gasps than as a real opener to discourse on the topic.
I sentenced myself to death last dawn
This week, our specials and intervention time was cancelled. That makes for a LONG day!! I survived, I'm still in one piece, and was still up by 8:00 a.m. this morning---so I must have not been completely exhausted!!! I'm so thankful I have a GREAT class!! They were so well behaved, worked hard and stayed quiet (there are two classes on the other side of my wall that were testing). I think they enjoyed their week too!!
Anna was nude, a blanket sort of thrown around her waist, but it fell open at the front so that I could see her trimmed blond snatch. Her golden hair ran in a waterfall between hard-nippled breasts. She was gorgeous. I mean, I knew that, I looked at her naked all the time, but watching her like this was different. She wasnt helpless, exactly, but the vulnerability of her sitting there, naked and enthralled by Brads touches took my breath away.
Special Effects: (5/10)  This is another issue with Lockout. The low budget makes all of the more ambitious effects-driven scenes, including a motorcycle chase that kicks off the movie and an element of the climax involving dropping through outer space, feel cheap and all TOO cheesy. Much of these effects are so blatantly green-screened in that they just look really fake and unimmersive for the audience. Lockout thankfully shirks special effects most of the time, focusing on practical set work and action, which is really for the best considering its paltry budget, but when it DOES have to involve effects, it really creates a disconnect between the green screening and the rest of the movie, and it takes you out of the film.
6. Beat It on Down the Line - 3:30
How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Placing in stocks
As I mentioned above, Wikipedia is every SEOs competitor. Whether you like it or not, it may not be directly competing for business in your market but it is competiting for rankings and traffic in your market, which generates your business.
You humans have it wrong. You allow disobedience and disrespectful behaviour to go unpunished. You do not teach your children to hunt and how to behave in a way to benefit the survival of the pack. The survival of the pack is not important to you, not as important as it should be. The strength of the pack is what makes survival easier for everyone.
Acidosis or high acid levels can be linked to insulin sensitivity, obesity, osteoporosis, Parkinsons, coronary artery disease, liver and kidney disease for starters. It can also cause damage to organs like the heart or brain long-term. This condition also prevents you from loosing weight, can cause premature aging and wear out your immune system by overloading it with toxins.
Size: 17 millimeters (0.6 in) by 10 millimeters (0.3 in)
It tasted pretty good.
So perhaps it's best not to try to belong. Stop trying to hurl my tiny useless body against the great ivy fortress.
Born into a life of secrets and service, Chrysabelles body bears the telltale marks of a comarra special race of humans bred to feed vampire nobility. When her patron is murdered, she becomes the prime suspect, which sends her running into the mortal worldand into the arms of Malkolm, an outcast vampire cursed to kill every being from whom he drinks.
Yes, I miss so clearly seeing those marching to different drumbeats. And I miss Miss Eltas three-layer German Chocolate Cake. C
Back to YG. WELCOME TO NEW YORK YG! He made it! He even found the Cinderellas college! He sneaks in, steals clothes, finds out that Cinderella is not registered at the school, gets confused. Is found out as a thief, has to undress on
The problems on each page are mixed so the children do not assume that the solution process is the same each time, but have to understand the problem. They are varied in their complexity and are presented in a meaningful, age-appropriate manner with topics the children will find relevant. Each chapter contains six lessons, one for each half term. There are three differentiated worksheets in each chapter, making it easy to use the book in a mixed-ability classroom.
They're French. You do realize what they're going to say to me if I lay this pearl of wisdom on them?
So, I should be figuring out my next step in life, but instead Im singing Christmas songs.
We know that Mme de Pompadour used patches in a singular circumstance. She wrote a letter, enclosing the whole plan of a military campaign, to Field-Marshal dEstrees. On the plan, the different points which he was to attack or defend were indicated by patches.
I have recieved comments like "... lovely using DP and those flowers..." or "...I love the DP & image you have used..." and was wondering what these ladies were refering to exactly.
As usual, I can't believe Dwight Evans is yet again one of the last cards I need. There must be a secret Dwight Evans Collecting Society somewhere.
Yep - that's how I fill my spare time these days! The lawn is big and the grass is long... *silly rain*
Sonia Kashuk: Bent Eyeliner Brush
Too often this sounds over simplistic, but
7. Beds Are Burning- Midnight Oil
There is a clear, direct message to not only hold our own light and space, but also that of humanity and earth in your hands. There is a symbolic theme of light, fire, and a harking back to creation and magic. Like a kind of alchemic activation, we are being drawn to do what feels natural to us and it is working on such a powerful etheric level. Sacred keys are being turned and tuned as divining forks, with secret symbols and coding to be revealed, dna to be activated, and the curtain preparing to draw open, like a grande theatre of the truth that exists in our hearts. And we are on the stage of earth waiting for the next Divine acts to unfold.
b.The Rocket Ride
Gramps went to sea when he was very young, served in the Navy through the Second World War and afterward, and raised my mother and all of her siblings along with Granny. He knew how to fix almost anything. He was working on the roof of his house when he was over eighty years old.
Mikkeller To From: 3.40 Mugs
So many times, i wanted to puke as I heard the tales of how dogs were killed but, I believe I believe the slaughter of cats is another terrible end.
2 fat quarters (or 2 scraps of about 18" X 20" fabric)
Recipes do not have to be veg*n, but in a fun twist, the cookbook is striving to include adjustments for all recipes with tips on how to make them vegan or vegetarian wherever possible.
Where it never was.
The latter unfortunate incident happened while I still had doors on my house with key-lock deadbolts.
the whisper your health
It was after this leadership retreat that I began to see the importance of bringing leadership together, away from the church. Leadership retreats serve many purposes but in my view they serve to bring leadership together to make great decisions on behalf of the ministry of the church. Some how when we are away from life and the life of ministry we begin to let our guard down, we are more able to step out into faith, and we are able to focus on the ministry of the church. It also brings the team together.
CALLER: It's OK to say that word?
Todays college teacher needs to be a guide and a coach  not a judge. He must learn a new cognitive language when he steps into the classroom. He must muster up the energy to leap over the generation gap; possess behavior-modification strategies of other-directedness, empathy, patience; understand the students brains and accept that they operate differently than ours.
Mandy Rossouw
To free up these old parts
Ive tried to make a potion. Supposedly, the Cure for Boils is the easiest, but I havent even been able to finish it. First, I was doing things in the wrong order and adding things willy-nilly into my cauldron. Next, I couldnt find my wand  youre supposed to wave your wand. My brother eventually figured it was hiding behind the ingredients, almost as if they didnt want you to find it. When it said to let your potion brew for 3 minutes and then come back, I clicked to another page on Pottermore. When I came back, I discovered that your progress on a potion is not saved; I was supposed to leave that browser window open and go to another if I continued to explore the site. I think there really needs to be some way to save your potion progress. It wouldnt save them forever, perhaps for 6 hours, but it would be a lot better than spending 80 minutes (apparently) making one potion. You only get three House points for that potion, too. (You see, if youre just practicing the potion, it takes three minutes, but if youre making it for real, it takes much longer. Who has that amount of time to sit around making a hard potion that only gets you three points?!) I am no Half-Blood Prince, I discovered. Or perhaps this is his punishment for us: to make us work hard for practically no points. Hes probably laughing his head off somewhere
I'll let you know.
The homeowners meeting last night-there isn't much good to say about it except for the fact that I got to knit for 2 hours. My cardigan is on addi turbo needles. The questions started getting stupid and repetitive which got me knitting faster. Beth gave me a dirty look and said that my needles were clicking very loud.
The natural response to this extraordinary level of pain and torture Dr. Mengele had perfected was dissociation of the conscious mind. In that state, victims can be subjected and programmed with secret alternative personalities with keys and triggers.
Record: 25-9
11/09 Danbury, CT @ Larry's
At 5pm when the museum closed, my car full of people headed back home, and CPT's car full of people headed to the commissary to get stuff for a cookout. I came home to blog, and he's still at the commissary. We're having a cookout tonight. Yummy!
So, I bid farewell to 2010. You were a great year and I will think back on you fondly as the year we became a family of four.
While previous research showed that this group were positive about the developments in government and believed they would benefit, they had now lost confidence in their leaders.
This is the concept:
Mix crushed cookie crumbs and butter until well mixed. Press crumbs into 2 tartlet pans, and bake in 375 degree oven, until firm, 8-10 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on rack.
I want to share an effective gardening technique. Chop and drop. I am refurbishing older gardens. Today I removed the remaining plants from a few gardens that had run their course and I did NOT till, just weeded. Then I topped with IMO #4 and bio char. On top of that I took whole branches of gliricida and covered the IMO beds. Master Cho says IMO love 60% shade. He also wants us to emulate nature by providing inputs on the soil surface as nature would do rather than till in nutrients as man has done in modern times. Putting whole branches provides shade but also plenty of oxygen (because of the physical space) for the aerobic microbes to grow. In a few weeks the leaves will dry and fall off the branches providing additional organic matter. The woody branches will break down by the action of the aerobic microbes. While I wait for seedlings to be ready to transplant, this technique allows me to be patient. The microbes are at work in the garden bed. When I do transplant seedlings, they will rocket because the soil is alive.
I was on my way to Ocean Beach to watch the moonset. A friendly-looking gray-haired guy was standing at a bus stop in the deep Richmond, and I pulled over. I knew right away that our paths had crossed before.
Private Practice
I love muted colours like these in the winter, they are cold and warm at the same time.
Theres the horse!
How do we get out of the slush pile? How do we stand out in the crowd? How do we get a publisher to read the entire PB or read more than the first page of our MG manuscript?
I'd like to extend my deepest, warmest and most sincere appreciation to John and Joe, proprietors and family owners of DeSTEFANO's STEAK & CHOPS, -
Guess Again
Michelles death started me on a journey to find out the meaning of life. To discover who God is, or better yet, even if He existed at all.
Checking for previous VRTSvmpro installations done
This Federal Reserve Act establishes the most gigantic trust on earth. When the President (Wilson) signs this bill the invisible government of the Monetary Power will be legalized.- Hon. Charles A. Lindbergh, Sr.
This layout came together very quickly for me. I think the papers just inspire me!
This simple and delicious spaghetti uses very few ingredients, yet it's bursting with flavour. I usually prepare this dish with no cheese so I'll sometimes pair it up with a nice tomato and mozzarella salad.
Kevin: " surprise! It is my happy birthday. Surprise" ::he begins clapping::
Did you run on schedule or late on your wedding day?
This was my breakfast this morning - I am calling it:
In a rush to avoid death, we somehow accepted its certainty and with it we found clarity and stopped fearing. Instead, we became angry and rebellious. We began to fight for our dignity, refusing to be reduced to our animal denominator. We wanted more than just to survive. And we fought everywhere we could. We strengthened personal bonds and looked after the weakest and oldest in the neighborhood. We dressed up and accessorized each day and despite the scarcity of water we washed daily, albeit in the dark. We produced art, we wrote and we competed in ballroom dancing competitions.
Find Justin Boots and other great deals on Cowboy boots and Cowgirl boots that can take your Western outfits to a whole new level.
But then, Im not an average reader in any sense. And if you were wondering why I love Smashwords more than Amazon (hence KDP Select wont see me at this time), well
27. You find a spiritual track that makes sense to you and speaks to you at the most profound levels. Suddenly you are gaining a perspective that you would never have considered before. You hunger to know more. You read, share with others, ask questions, and go inside to discover more about who you are and why you are here
One recent day, Peter remarked, "You sure do like Legos. But how come you keep wanting more?"
And as a fun aside, my absolutely amazing hubby is a songwriter, and is participating again this year in February Album Writing Month (aka FAWM), wherein music artists race to complete 14 songs in 28 days (and this leap year they are going for 14 1/2!)
If you haven't bought Easter grass yet, consider making it yourself! If you have scraps of colored paper around (I know I have plenty of bits and pieces of construction paper that were leftovers when I cut out big pieces for projects with my son!), shred it and voila-Easter grass!
Linn was a masterful quote wrangler, as well as an inveterate list-maker. Many-if-not-all of her True Colors pages included long slender tags of hand-made or specialized papers, inscribed with her distinctive rounded hand-writing. The tags listedthings that are White, the colors of Fall, the shades of a sunset. Always with graceful strands of silky threads and fibers to hold them in place..Very Linn. I always featured her, sitting at her art table writing out each tag, working fast to keep up with her quick playful mind  and then looking up and finding dozens of tags  and then turning those over to use the backs, too.
Ahhh now on to the challenge of making a masculine Valentine card.
64 52 19 N , 146 50 33 W
Before this recent ice age, I made Quinoa Salad with Black Beans & Toasted Cumin Seeds from Isa Chandras Appetite for Reduction. Yes, still on this book. I love this book. (Youre probably bored with this book.) However if you like your salads to contain absolutely no greens then this is the salad for you.
They all enjoyed the party and asked to do it again with other countries. It really makes my heart skip a beat to see teens so happy and having fun at the library. We are in desperate need of a new library that has more teen friendly space, so we try to do all we can to make things special for them.
Baby, you're a firework
*BiG Grin*
Thank you for all you lovely wishes and get well messages.
Ive only got a couple races left to work, which might be the cause of my melancholy thoughts. Im heading to ElK Grove, Illinois for a short stage race, then back to Cleveland. Then Ill be done till November, and I have several interesting plans.
Are you blessed to have family in your life? Family is such a gift. Can you attest?
Dates: Jul 1-Aug 17; Age/Grade Range: 1st-12th grade
as he pulled it
4. A single-payor US health-insurance company with mandatory purchase, an aggressively accurate usual & customary remibursement rate; a target to pay the average of developed market costs for pharma, and a fair method of sharing the cost of those unable to afford the averaged premium across the risk pool.
John Eldredge writes that you cannot hope for something you do not desire. The overwhelmingly good news is that resurrection life is where our deepest, strongest, purest desires are fulfilled. The desire for intimacy that sometimes we get confused with a desire for only sex  that intimacy will be fulfilled in resurrection life. The desire to be deeply connected to beauty  the thing that causes us to ache when see a beautiful person, or an awe-inspiring view, or hear uplifting music  that will be fulfilled. The desire to be significant, to be recognized for who you are and for the God-given gifts you have  that will be fulfilled in resurrection life. That thing in your that loves to rise to the occasion and meet challenges  that will find its ultimate expression in resurrection life.
But that will soon change. The networks and distributors putting TV online are facing some tough economics...
Her stillness envelops me and I am her, holding in loving arms the form that carries me through the cycles of world and these of inner growth or recession.
But you can still visit the country, hit up the bars and drink loads of beer I suppose. Disturb the peace and all that we do in the rest of the world.
And here we come to the crux of the problem, the reason my delivery had not been made was because they no longer had the item in stock, it had been discontinued. Yet, their website had allowed me to purchase it, to choose a suitable delivery time and date. What is more, within about five minutes of me clicking buy the money had been taken from my account. I made the purchase last Friday, so they had all that time in which to let me know that it was no longer available, but no not a dickie bird, and me being the naive shopper that I am assumed no news was good news.
This shrew was in Colby Gardens in Pembrokeshire, snuffling for worms under a sheet of galvanised metal that I happened to lift up. In a way it was lucky I came along, because the sheets are placed to attract snakes which would happily accept a shrew-sized meal. Last spring, lifting the same sheet, I found the most gorgeous grass snake, chocolate brown with a golden band, like a collar round its neck (can snakes have necks?).
Scaborough Fair
Louis Gerstner started his working in life with McKinsey & Company in 1965, joined American Express as their Head of Travel related Services Group in 1977 and accepted the CEOs position of RJR Nabisco in 1989. Lets see what CIOs and general management can learn from this icon of modern business and technology. (In no particular order):
At Oxford Gardens, a diverse primary school in the inner-London borough of Kensington and Chelsea, the number of scooting pupils has risen from fewer than one in 100 in 2005 to almost one in sevenwhile the proportion of children arriving by car has fallen from 20% to 16%. Half a dozen schools in the borough report scooter-commuting rates of over 30%.
That night he made more than 30 phone calls, at times shouting "I got in" on his cell phone and home phone at the same time.
Ironically, Morgan's 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey is the best-known Palin impersonator in the country. Perhaps she's now wondering if Morgan jacks to her as well. Morgan has undergone some personal challenges recently; his wife walked out on him in 2009 because of his alcohol problem, and he's also recovering from a kidney transplant necessitated by complications from diabetes.
barn door rollers and track. Every one that I found was WAY out of my price range.
Deaths in SA prisons often due to torture by officials:
When I hopped on over myself to see what it was all about, I was thrilled to discover that I was the proud recipient of the Liebster Blog Award, which is for blog newbies who have less than 100 followers. You often see peeps with blog awards in their sidebar, and now I'm one of them. *happy dance*
4. If one puts forth even a modicum of effort, one can drink for free every single day of SXSW, and can see some completely kickass music without dropping a dime. Just a tip. A visit over to Bob Noxious's site, or the Austinist, or Done Waiting, will probably get you started.
It would be long days out in the sun, but I viewed it as a chance to practice on my stilts. I hoped to become more confident on them, so at auditions I wouldnt feel so out of my league among the Cirque Du Soleil crowd. None of whom would be at this audition. I knew that because I had written to one of my stilt walking friends to see if he was interested in this summer job. He was not. None of them were. The pay was too low, the hours too long, the distance too great. Not worth taking this job that would prevent them from taking higher paying better jobs during the too long commitment.
Oh, and apparently you can vote as often as you like. Erghhhh, I HATE this! I don't expect to win but I'd love not to be voted off first time.
And perhaps that's why it isn't to be all easy, and content here.
Amos Moses by Primus
What does affect our daily lives? Food. The toughest thing, not for me but for him perhaps is to be with someone who eats meat. I am someone who kept a rotisserie chicken in her fridge and loved Korean barbecue. When I used the slow cooker in the house to make my black bean and turkey chili, he dejectedly said, the house smells like meat. Overall he has been very non-judgemental about it so Im not stopping eating meat for him. What has influenced me though, is a book I read on our 24-hour plane journey.
I should get someone from Enterprise to help. Theyre probably more ambitious than me. Or maybe their town was named after the Starship Enterprise. If thats the case, I dont want their help.
Forbes
S tart every day with worship
when i was in London, i get around via the tube (LRT version London), when i was in Barcelona and Rome, i took the bus, when i was in Amsterdam, i took the tram and when i was in Paris, i took the metro (LRT version Paris).
THEY ARE ALL GERMINATING.
O, I need this
FOSTER MOMS (and Dads) are among the most selfless and loving people on this earth ... They sacrifice their hearts everyday to give a child the love of family. They bridge the gap for a time in a child's life when they have NO ONE to look out for them ... They include them in their lives as if they will be there forever (knowing many times that is impossible according to our court systems) ... They pray and dedicate so much of their life to just GIVING IT AWAY to children and many times will never receive anything in return ...
This 5-part series is about how I would correct/fix various design issues within the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). This is not about how I would change bus routes, or how one mode is better or worse than another mode (i.e., LRT vs. Subway). This is about how I believe the TTC (and other transit authorities) can improve the experience of engaging and interacting with its ridership (actual and potential). Here is part four.
Truth Storm is a new organization, beginning online. I am currently recruiting staff (moderators and admins) to help me keep the forum under control, post information, and grow membership. Considering the task is no easy one, only the serious minded need apply. The forums were just launched, so are still quite empty. In the beginning the position is more like a spare time kind of thing. But once membership reaches a certain number, you will have the ability to take it on as a paid, full-time position.
"Nothing. Just mumbling! What's in the bag?"
Needless to say within no time the message goes viral and that celebrity has got more followers than the entire population of Sri Lanka and Bangladesh put together faster than you can say twitter. The moral of the story is followers flock to the celebrities like the honeybees flock to the honey. They shower so much of love and bombard them with so many welcome tweets that the celebrity gets overwhelmed with joy and cannot thank enough.The same story gets repeated every time a new celebrity signs up on twitter.
Aid agencies say a malnourished child can be nursed back to health in just a month, but the difficulty of getting supplies to trouble areas is hurting those most in need.
This comes at more or less the same time as Amazon is invoking the DMCA against an entity that provides software to enable the use of ebooks from other vendors on its Kindle products.
This same insidious nature can be found in misandry. If men are not expected to do or be better, why should they bother? You say men make tons o mistakes, as if making mistakes are solely the domain of men or men are best at that. Studies on cheating, which is what the original CNN article is about, show that women cheat as often as men since the sexual revolution and since women became more economically independent. Surely we shouldnt start calling women out for the same things men get called out for, right? Double standards are no more justified than unfair standards some men place on women, right?
Where truth and beauty dwelt
Some believe Jesus was actually writing the Laws he knew them to be guilty of breaking and then writing out the names of the accusers. The scribes and Pharisees certainly would have been familiar with Jeremiah 17:13 as well as the letter of the Law as spelled out in Leviticus and Deuteronomy. That would have been more than enough reason for them to just turn and walk away. There would have been no argument.
The event was a concert. A Miranda Lambert concert. Almost all women, many of them wearing very short shorts, which is not something I think is a good idea even when it's warm out and certainly not when it is April in Milwaukee although and I'm going to be tacky here although I am certainly in no position to be throwing stones although I was not wearing shorts that were barely there so maybe I can toss a few pebbles, but it's not like these girls were going to be cold if you know what I mean.
At this point, viewers see Eastwood in the light. "And how do we win? Detroit is showing us it can be done,. And what's true about them is true about all of us. This country can't be knocked out with one punch." To conclude, a close-up of Eastwood fills the screen. "We get right back up again and when we do the world is going to hear the roar of our engines. Yeah, its halftime America and our second half is about to begin."
Add toppings and return to over until cheese is melted and golden.
Of Jesus being ridiculed
We were good friends (although nothing else) all through university, and whilst weve kept in touch on and off, Ive only seen him once in the last 10 years or so. As with so many good friends, despite the long absence, as soon as we saw each other, it really was as though we were simply getting together again after a week or so apart  a little news to catch up on (albeit in this case a marriage, and several house and job moves between us), but otherwise just slipping back into the familiar patterns of conversation, especially a genuine interest in each others views and ideas about anything and everything.
As a guest designer for this month at The Paper Shelter Challenge, I am thrilled to share my first post! Our challenge this week is "Photo Inspiration" and the pinks, purples and greens will definitely inspire you to join us!
If you figure out what gets readers engaged, then you can post more often. If the Edgerank is low, you have to network to get it higher. Start talking about really great posts in networking groups you're a part of. Only share the really good ones, not all of them. Ask them to share your FB posts with their community and vice versa. There's a fine line between cheating and not, networking where it makes sense it not cheating but gets people aware of your page.
Benjamin Noys The Persistence of the Negative is an attempt, as he explains at its outset, to rehabilitate a thinking of negativity through an immanent critique of contemporary Continental theory (ix). For Noys, the latter is currently dominated by what he refers to as affirmationism: a tendency towards the assertion of creativity, desire, productive potential and the importance of novelty. Such emphases on the primacy of affirmative, creative constitution are said to have cast negativity as secondary and reactive, and this, for Noys, is politically problematic: as affirmationism is often linked to the assertion of anti-capitalist possibilities, the denigration of negativity has furthered the neglect of issues pertaining to resistance and opposition. He thus sets out to excavate (13) a new notion of negativity from contemporary affirmationism; a negativity that will provide a means of strategically locating and actualising points of rupture (4) within capitalist society.
If you like what you see, click on the card to be taken to the store to purchase the stamp used!
Similarly with the alleged Christian opposition to science and progress. The Christian church has in many ways been the handmaiden of science, and the only reason opponents mention Galileo so often is hes about the only scientist who Christianity didnt always treat properly. What about the devout Newton, Pasteur, or Copernicus? The same applies to the clawidence Jesus existed (there is an abundance) or that The Da Vinci Code is credible (its a badly written pop novel), or that bad things happening to good people is somehow a difficulty for Christians.
Its a global design & consulting firm, with 14 studios across 5 continents and 800-odd staff. Its pretty mammoth (but global isnt always glamorous). Im very lucky being a design student and all to be a party to this, be surrounded by talented people, and see the REAL side of architecture and interiors that most of my classmates have no idea about. It was also instrumental in me taking on a double degree in business as well as design  after working around new graduates, I now dont plan on graduating just to become a CAD-monkey.
-Prosit!
*Holy crap! Look at him!
As days are passing and we are flooded with memories, look who shows upthats right. sure enoughits joy, happiness and love. They snuck in the back door. These 3 amigos are always welcome! I love that they always bring that big ole third wheel comfort along. Comfort is all warm and fuzzy.it just has a way of making everything better.
Update: contrary to what I said earlier, you will not be expected to know the vocabulary words for this quiz. You will need to know them for the test.
Lets start at the beginning. Incursion figures, part of the Secrets of the Third Reich universe.
There is one photo that didn't get uploaded, and is one of the best vignettes...(camera at at shop with the memory card...so will get that up when I get to the shop!)
Paper is Prima marketing sparkling spring collection.
My style notes for such a trip: my most comfortable trousers  the only time I wear leggings  a big cozy sweater or cardigan over a soft t-shirt  shoes you can easily slip on or off, a scarf you can roll into a neck pillow when you decide to sleep, things that are dirt proof. Lose the sweater/cardi if its a hot weather trip.
Using the new approach, images can be created with signals operating in the terahertz (THz) range without having to use several lenses inside a device. This could reduce overall size and cost.
Every year New Year's Eve rolls around and I feel like I should be making resolutions for the new year. I should be turning new leaves and lining up goals. It's what you do. But every year my brain rejects such activities. It looks around and says "I don't see anything new about it. It's exactly like the past weeks and no different from the coming weeks." And so and resolutions I had been contemplating easily dissolve into mush simply because I can't keep them in my head.
Nomination 2: Spicy Pepperoni Pizza and Repoterroir at the Dogfish Head brewpub in Rehoboth Beach
Interval training involves a precision workout that combines intense, but brief, bursts of activity with less intense physical measures. The idea is to blend an aerobic and anaerobic workout into a single training session to maximize caloric burn.
- Oleg Babynin / bass
Cautious with Commitments
Looking over a draft of a short piece I did for my Open University course, I thought I'd post it because it's my birthday. I might even have some cake.
Source: ThisDAY
Swing Bill
In this story Clem has to set sail with her family for three months. This means not having any contact with her friends via cell phone or computer. Normally this would be a huge inconvenience for Clem and she would have begged and pleaded with her parents to let her stay at home, but since things with her friends have gone south she is left with no other option but to join her family. Something huge happened between Clem and her BFF and when I say big I mean BIG for a sixteen year old girl. You remember being that age how awkward it was right?? Well Clem commits the ultimate sin between girlfriends and learns the hard way what is important in life. So begins her summer on the water and it is definitely a bumpy ride.
a stimulation here
Unfortunately the stickers aren't exactly the best quality.
Over the years I've watched Ancestry.com grow into the huge company it is today. Other companies have since disappeared or been acquired by Ancestry.com. In fact today there was announcement of yet another Ancestry.com acquisition of Archives.com.
Rosettes were created with the Mini Paper Rosettes die and added to the outside of the crown. The inside was lined with crepe paper to give the crown a 'full' look. Next, flowers were cut from polyester lining fabric using the Tattered Florals die. Heating them lightly with a heat tool causes them to shrink and ruffle - I love using this technique! They were then layered, attached to a wire and adhered to the inside of the crown.
L: How am I supposed to ask him if he is a figment of my imagination?
Prior Lake, MN  The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community was honored with a Jefferson Award for philanthropy at the Celebrate Twin Cities awards reception on December 1, 2010, at the St. Paul Hotel. SMSC Vice-Chairman Glynn A. Crooks accepted the award on behalf of the Community. From the 12 regional winners selected over the past year, the SMSC was chosen as the overall national winner for 2010 from this region.
These are the Sad Facts:
For the third trip to Toowoomba in a row, I didn't make it to the St Vinnies store that I desperately wanted to visit. I've had some amazing success there in the past, but it closes at 11.30 on a Saturday morning! We left early enough, but didn't account for all the traffic backed up to get onto the range (which currently has a lane closed after the floods). Consequently, we took the Murphy's Creek detour instead, which added 40 minutes to our journey. (But, it did give us the opportunity to see how well the army and emergency services are progressing with the clean-up.)
and call beautiful
P.S. There is probably another 100 ounces more (at this writing) to follow that I could not fit into the cooler!
But God is the Infinite Universal Ocean of Consciousness! And He Who has found the Divinity (in this incarnation or earlier) is also great in size! And He or She is free to move anywhere in the multidimensional space  regardless of the location of their bodies!
The thing is, you city folks recognize how blonde, adorable, and perfectly apartment-sized I am. But deep down, I'm a hound dog, y'all. Mama rescued me back in the day from a farm off a country road in North Carolina. Don't get me wrong, the farm was dope. But you can only handle ticks in your ears (and sleeping outside) for so long.
Very quick and easy in between packing school newsletters - those are all posted now though, phew!
The Great North Air Ambulance provides fast transport and highly skilled medical staff, not just for fell-walkers who are stuck in an inaccessible location, but for local folk who need help. We live within sight of the local rugby club and have had the Pride of Cumbria helicopter land almost outside the house to transport a young man with suspected spinal injuries.
The lagging feature is that it doesnt support 4G LTE network available inIndia. Yet it supports AT&T &Verizon of US.
The Boy Genius Report (BGR) a blog founded by Jonathan S Geller was exposed yesterday as nothing but an immature blog with nothing constructive to offer. Geller apparently went on a twitter rant because he was not given the Blackberry Alpha Device.
09-16 Saratoga Springs, NY  Saratoga Performing Arts Center #
Pool  we often use a pool when we are away on tour with the Aussies, but I have also been using the local gym pool the day following a match to do some running, dynamic stretching and to try and flush out the sore bits! A heated pool in this case always makes it a lot easier
Were not here to take down Wall Street. Its not poor against rich. Its about big money dictating which politicians get elected and what programs get funded, she said.
Sprawled in the bowels of the earth,
Mom and Dad showed up with Moms famous Macaroni and Cheese, my son and his girlfriend with a large pot of crawfish ettouffe. My youngest brothers wife brought a pork roast and a platter of roasted green beans wrapped in bacon.
Thursday, Oct 27 is Restorative Stations: A relaxing, meditative class which uses props to allow a gentle opening in the body. Most poses are experienced while laying or sitting on the floor. I set up the room before hand with 4-5 stations. To see examples of class flow plans click here. All levels welcome.
PRICE: Interested in buying this book (something I do not recommend for kids younger than the age of 10)? Amazon sells the very version I read for $6.24, with 43% of the savings. 83 new versions go for $4.08, 181 used versions go for a penny, and 11 collectible versions go for $7.50. Choppy prices to you? Barnes & Noble may sell it for the exact same price (with the same amount of savings), but the new and used marketplace version goes for only $1.99. There actually is one copy of the book available at the PDL in the Adult Graphic Novels section (also where Scott Pilgrim goes!) so make sure you get your greedy paws on it first!
Thats a lot to ask of parents: 24 hour surveillance, for  well, I guess the new standard is 19 years.
On Memorial Day we finished the nursery. Since it's a temporary nursery until we buy our house we didn't paint but decorated and organized. I love walking in and seeing all her stuff in there. I walk in the the closet and look at all her little things hanging and I can't wait to see her in them. I feel so blessed.
Doesn't he look like a totally different kid?? He is right. They will grow back (which apparently is a good thing because some of the women at church just about went into shock when they saw him yesterday).
Her reply,  Mom, Im fine, and Im very happy, I was just mad.
There you go. Three poems of the top of my head, following classical Haiku form, and vaguely connected. Not great, but not bad. A little bit colourful, a bit themed around the meaning of a life, but kind of short and to me, therefore a little vague. What do you think?
i'll let you know how it goes!
Dont beat yourself up about it, sir. Im sure you did your best. This ORB play by post game never had a chance. She was DOA.
This is kit is created with golden hues and the essence of sunshine for summer or early autumn layouts.
What is your public?
100% Whole Wheat Bread
Troy and I got to have two dates this weekend and it was just lovely!
Butter a loaf-shaped glass dish. Put a layer of apples, half of each sugar, half of oatmeal, and half of nuts. Repeat layers. (Oatmeal is next to top layer and nuts the very last top layer.) Pour melted butter over all and bake in 350 degree oven for 45 minutes. Serves 8-10 people.
Mac had a wonderfully charismatic demeanor, so I don't think he would materialize as any kind of frightening ghost. If it was a ghost of Mac, I am quite certain it would be a very nice ghost.
Price: $4.99
First of all, the difference between my 2 pregnancies and deliveries was like night and day. And Im not just referring to the fact that one was born in a dark, dark room, and the other with the sun shining and the lights on.
The kids, recognizing that this would be a neat photo brought great spirits to the project  although to be perfectly honest, my kids bring good spirits to all of our projects. By now they are used to moms crazy ideas and they good naturedly go along knowing that at the very least, it will always be an adventure.
Pain is estimated to cost more than 200 billion euros a year in Europe and $150 billion in the United States.
Hello Friends! I've been MIA for about three weeks as life has been keeping me busy. My two kids have both been sick off and on for about a month, I did my first radio interview ever!, the weather has actually been decent for the first time in months and I've been working in the garden finally, and as usual I've been busy as ever with my urban homesteading activism and Take Back Urban Home-steading(s) facebook page. Phew! We completed our greenhouse and chicken coop, so you could say we've been busy bees around here. To get you up to speed here is a quick re-cap of what's been going on around the Alexander homestead:
Sothe reward istaking the hustle and the bustle that this time of year can consume us withand stopping for a moment each morning
Will Spain still be in the eurozone by the end of the year? Not if their government is rational.
Today I often hear and get criticized for the cost of purchasing real information that is based on factual data, experience based opinions from the knowledge of real-life scenarios gathered through first hand or what we refer to as primary experience. Data is the accumulation of information and in its raw form (that of not being validated and categorized for reasonable comparative value) is just a bunch of numbers. That data however when reviewed, researched, validated for accuracy and reliable categorical relationship to the context in which it is used, can become very powerful. In the hands of someone competent at understanding this data and having confidence in its accuracy and relationship to the context now can become information. Such a person must have normally a fairly high level of methodical expertise to then dub this data valid and factual. Now the next step is acting or interpreting information and making it work for the outcomes you seek or are being paid to create. That is where the application of such information and the directing of its use leads to experiences. Those experiences can have both positive and negative outcomes. When things work well we decide to continue the test and try again. If it works well yet again our mind begins to say this practice seems to solve this problem. This process of applying information and testing it gives that person real world experience in this particular subject matter expertise. The negative outcomes are weighed for determination of what caused it. Then they are retested many times with minor or major modifications until either it works well or just does not work at all. Now the person that has experienced both outcomes has a fairly well-balanced concept starting to form on what works and why and what does not. Thus their opinions form on how to avoid pitfalls and execute on opportunities with strategies that work consistently within this area of expertise. We call this background in the corporate world a SME, (Subject Matter Expert). Their opinions can be the difference between a successful venture or a failed one. Their time and knowledge can save hundreds of thousands of dollars and even millions of wasted dollars and can make their clients in the same vein millions and billions of dollars when executed well. This outcome is what we call wisdom. Wisdom of course is the most difficult intangible and hard to measure human trait of all. Those that profess or are acclaimed to have attained wisdom are held by those with the acumen to understand the difficulty in creating it from scratch, as wise and valuable advisors. Of course I am referring to the commonly called profession of consulting.
She told the court, that her choice to aim the gun at him, after aiming it in a vague direction, further enraged McClain and he beat both of them with butt of the gun, the jury heard.
The weather outside may be frightful, but the cocktails inside are delightful. I know, I know, I should keep my day job. I could not resist as it was humming through my head.
There are no actual prizes for the winners but I'm offering a virtual prize instead. I will put a link to your blog or website, or whatever it is you're wanting to promote, on my next blog post and give you some shout-outs on Twitter if you manage to score ten out of ten in the quiz. Please post your answers plus your blog link in the comments below. I'll announce the winners next week.
I had so much fun! Thrifting with like minded gals was such a blast! Join me next time!
George Galloway's victory in Bradford West was partly due to Labour's failure to connect with the Asian community, the shadow home secretary has said.
O, brothers and sisters in Christ, no matter how much of Christ you have attained, do not think that you have already obtained or have been made perfect. We must always press on in Christ!
Abecedarians moved to Caroline one year later for their debut EP Eureka. Resin followed in 1987. Two compilations have since been released: AB-CD, which is a collection of nearly all of Eureka and Resin, plus the Factory single and this compilation of early tracks and demos.
On the other hand what about occasional or not intentional copies of an art work or monument, like by private family pictures in front of a painting, statue or monument. When they would have to pay for the copyrights using the painting, statue or monument in their picture this would be ridiculous. It would be even more ridiculous if the server company who allowed to have the photo or film be placed on the net would also be taken accountable for the publication and infringement of copyright laws. can yo imagine which fines and problems Facebook is going to encounter?
If you've been thinking about heading out to Normandy to visit the American cemetery near the landing beaches, by all means do so. It's an incredibly moving experience that you really shouldn't miss. On the other hand, if time is in short supply, you can always get off the Transilien commuter train or the line 2 tramway in Suresnes just south of La Defense and head up the hill a short distance to the Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial. In stark contrast to French cemeteries which, in my experience are pretty much solid stone, this resting ground is resolutely American: lush green lawns with crisp white markers. In fact, if anything, the white Greek temple like chapel on the top of the hill reminded me of the Custis-Lee Mansion that overlooks Arlington National Cemetery just across the river from Washington, DC. And when you look down from the hill in Suresnes, you don't see the Lincoln Memorial but there is an impressive view of the Seine and the city of Paris before you.
Her prices are fantastic as well, my necklace sells for $24 which I think it just perfect!
But then, I think that's really my main concern with this drink.
There are many ways to reduce ATM transaction fees. Some suggest withdrawing the maximum (typically US $300) to minimize ATM visits and transaction fees. Others ask cashiers to charge their debit card for more than the total due in order to receive cashback.
3. The Best of the Best in Summer Beauty Essentials by WhoWhatWear
My wool friends will need a shore stone in their bottoms!
I really like this ebook!
The book also talks about how people have selective memories. We remember what we want to or what has affected us more. Two people who had been in relationship have a complete different recollection of it. When they meet after a long gap this difference in recollection creates a very awkward situation for both. Ignorance is either due to people forgetting about their memories or it can be due to people wanting to forget about it. Author has handled the concept very beautifully and brings about the pain of leaving the homeland and eventual return or the thought of return. Of course, author has used human relationships which influence us all the time.
Kuechly was one of my favorite prospects, and Frank Alexander and Joe Adams will both be solid contributors. The Panthers got solid players with all their picks, but they never took a defensive tackle, which was a huge need. That makes me wonder if they are trying to work out a trade for a veteran.
I met Tonya Kerrigan at the Chicago Spring Fling conference last week. She has done a fabulous write up for a lot of the workshops she attended. She obviously took much better notes that I did. Heres her post about why a story isnt selling. Poke around her blog and you can easily find a ton of other information.
"Unlike MyPyramid, its based on food (mostly), is easy to understand, and doesnt require use of a computer," Nestle told Obama Foodorama. "I particularly like the way you get to pile whatever foods you like on the plate as long as they fit in the sectors, and you dont have to worry about portion numbers or sizes, just plate sizes."
A hybrid can also be an angelic human. So, while they are on the planet, you think of them somewhat as a hybrid mix. But when you leave your form, when you abandon and glorify, then what you do is you return to what you can think of as this side, this realm, where a number of thingsas you well know, and that is an entirely different conversation. But some will choose to simply remain in this realm as their angelic self, whereas others will continue on. They will either incarnate as starseed or on other planets or on Earth, or they will return to their ships. So there are a variety of ways in which we tend to think of as hybrids. And so that is the way in which we use this term in speaking to you.
I love the references to The Wizard of Oz - it's one of my all time favourite movies - and the little nods (i.e. the rainbow, the tornado, the change from black and white to colour)
yout-seed = outside
Usage: Daily Flavor, Food Flavor, Tobacco Flavor
By vote, Pakatan Keadilan Rakyat owns KL today.
The fact that I've been able to stop in January and March without any ill effect shows Im not physically addicted as such. However, I dont like the thought that psychologically, my drinking habits are hooking me in, as alcohol insiduously teases me towards the slippery slope. It might be a way of helping me to wind down, but is the increase because it takes more and more alcohol to achieve the same effects, as your body becomes used to it. Because eventually alcohol might become the only way to wind down...
Battle of the Bulbs ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
Jack White: Blunderbuss
Well, except for the small fire, everything was great! I was using the broiler for the steaks and the smoke detectors were going crazy (not unusual for me and the broiler). I got sick of trying to run back and forth trying to silence them, an interesting feat considering the vaulted ceilings, I had already knocked one off the ceiling and ended up batting at it like a piata and finally climbing up a ladder and disconnecting it, when I decided to give up on the broiler and finish the steaks on the stove top. Opened the oven door, flames came rolling out, so I quickly closed oven door. Ughhhh....turned off everything, peeked in the oven window, pan still on fire, OK, looked over and found some cake flour on the counter, thought awesome, I can take care of the fire and not ruin the steaks! Opened oven door, pulled out rack, doused pan in flour, and presto! Fire was out. Figured out it was not actually the steaks on fire, but the marinade that was on pan, perfect, scraped flour off steaks, threw them in a skillet and poured myself a big glass of wine. During the whole event, my darling son was playing in his room and it didn't even faze him. Steaks turned out good; hubby said that the flour actually made a gravy that was really tasty.
Relucantly, Red-Head puts her blouse back on, and then closes the suitcase.
Two longtime childhood friendsand @jackfrombklyn, for some reasonhave the privilege of calling me Ne. If its said condescendingly, I will secretly be plotting out ways to trip you up with some jump rope and then shake the end of my pigtail in your ear.
Diaper rash! Did you know diaper rash is actual ammonia burns from urine? It used to be considered a serious sign of neglect, and only 7% of babies suffered from it. Now its up around 78% and not considered a big deal.
Stepping aside from the nerd scene though, The Avengers stands proudly tall on its own merits when stripped of its Marvel branding. Not only is it damn funny in that comic book final-line-of-a-panel quip and double page, over the top art style, it also makes for a fantastic action film. Without missing a beat the action crescendos after an explosive start, balanced with interspersed, slower pace plot sequences, resulting in one of the finest fight scenes Ive ever seen. How do you handle a whole team of superheroes fighting an entire alien invasion on the big screen? With style, finesse and punch lines, of which there is more than enough to go around. Oh, and the 3D works spectacularly well as an added bonus. There really arent enough words to describe just how well this film works on so many different levels.
The Philippine Azkals clobbered the Sri Lanka Brave Reds in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers at Rizal Stadium Sunday. Watched by thousands of Filipinos, it was indeed a big win for Studio 23!
When the language systems break down (sometimes from brain lesions, a stroke, or other brain injuries), it can result in a class of disorders known as aphasia. Politically speaking, perhaps all of America has had a form of aphasia these past few years.
Of course, Right to Lifers are appealing this to a higher court, but unconstitutional is unconstitutional. There's no getting around that no matter how loudly one shouts about personal morals and religion.
What literary character do you feel is most like you personality-wise (explain)?
I am happy to have had the opportunity to ask Shannon a few questions and honored that she graciously took the time to answer them.
Compared to these states, America has a special problem. These other countries are largely the result of organic historical processes that pushed their different populations together. America, by contrast, is much more the product of far-ranging economic processes, like Trans-Atlantic emigration from Europe and the African slave trade overlaid with modern mass immigration. Because of this different racial elements have been thrown together, and are much more disparate in character. This creates much greater asymmetry in the differing racial characteristics, especially between Blacks and Whites.
This is my senior year of high school. I have only a month left, and I have learned a lot about life. I have learned that simply being human is what connects us all. I have learned that you must always ask why, and you must never stop. I have learned that dreams are what make life worth living, but that just because you dream them, it doesnt mean they come true. And in the end, when the world says no, you can either take it, or you can decided for yourself who you are.
October 11 @ Middle East (Boston, Massachusetts)
and she heard them speak to one another..
My husband John....
Meet Jenny and Laura. They were my photography students on Saturday!
This is a recurring theme with Alabama linemen, it seems. Remember that last year, Andre Smith showed up sporting his fat-ass costume at the NFL Combine (and he only weighed 332), and was so unprepared that he left the combine early. At the Alabama Pro-day, he had dropped some weight but was still considered overweight, and slow. He might have been the 1st OT taken off the board (as high as 1st or 2nd overall) had he shown up looking fit, and he was expected to drop much further than he actually did (6th to the Cincinnati Bengals).
Prof Levin believes firmly that two is better than one.
You have one week - so until Friday May 21st to get your LO's done and posted.
A few days ago I got very irritated by Invisible Children's campaign to make Joseph Kony as famous as possible so that somehow he will be arrested. I'm not too sure about the details of the campaign, because I simply was not interested enough to bother to find out more.
Don't have time for that? Still no problem. You can just follow Kraft on Twitter for the latest recipes and ideas! You can find their Twitter page HERE.
And rocks to twitch, and all to blur.
Blessings on this 'life lesson' Sunday!
 Knowledgeable in Unix
See, see I told you! He was dead. Reilly stifled a chuckle.
Each time you choose love over fear, you radiate courage.
That said, my First Filmcraft is based on the Michael Mann Film, The Insider.
would not have been thought of as kinky
Anyhow. If you havent been to this blog before, do say hi (either here or on FB or somewhere). Otherwise Ill have to think that none of my friends were interested enough to click the link. You wouldnt want that, now would you?
This is a weakness and a strength. Shoulders unburdened with the weight of an Aristotle or a Nietzsche, when the US get in on some cultural action, they do it with such earnestness and desire to augment ("put on steroids" is the ugly clich I'm trying to avoid) that the mutant results are equally grotesque and fascinating. Yet, for all their enthusiasm, they usually move on to the next thing in increasingly brief allotments of time. Five years in the maximum.
2Deuteronomy 32:8: When the Most
"He who is unaware of his ignorance," writes Richard Whately, "will only be misled by his knowledge." And that is the trouble with the liberal, the socialist, the Communist, and a dozen other species of political cranks who have achieved respectability in our time: they disregard so much of what is constant and latent in life. They fail to notice; they fail to appreciate.
But Andre, youre not Jose
One lucky winner. Value: $12
I suddenly felt apathetic. I literally cared about nothing except making sure people didnt see that I cared about nothing. I thought I would eventually snap out of it, but it went on for the entire semester. I wasnt satisfied with my work, but apparently it was still fine.
When I got home, with the worst possible consequence playing on my mind, I decided to give Children with Cancer UK a call to tell them the worst case scenario and find out my options for deferring my place etc. Apparently I cant defer my place with them. So a runner with a ballot place can defer, but a Golden Bond runner cant??? Their reason was simply that they cant guarantee how many places they will have next year so cant guarantee me a spot. Surely theyll have more than one to give away though? It seems totally ridiculous to me, so my plan of action if I cant run is now to get hold of the London Marathon folk direct to see what they say.
* question my every move and motive
The morning of the movie came and Olivia was so excited that she could hardly stand herself. Her dad gave her some money for lunch and the movie and she told Lemmer that she had her own money in her piggy bank and that she would just use that.. so cute dad said you save your money and take mine!!! I wonder how many year's until he says to her.. get your own money honey!!!!????? She had herself a little purse to put her money in and asked me if she could please put on so lip gloss? I said heck ya darlin a girls got to look her best!!! Olivia says she is going to marry this boy because he has blonde hair and blue eye's just like her! What else could a girl ask for?
There have been a number of times when they have suggested I join a certain group, attend a particular event, or call so-and-so to see what theyre up to. I know they mean well, but it often makes me feel pathetic.
To the place where I cleared my head of you;
One of the most disturbing things about this situation, for me personally, is what I do NOT feel. I am horrified, appalled, disgusted, saddened, angry, betrayed, disappointed . . . . but I am not, on the whole, surprised.
The crazy dreams seem to start earlier with each pregnancy and are so vivid and real that I wake up wondering where I really am.
PLEASE DO NOT type in all caps...it spreads the links waaaay out. Thanks!
Our phone lines, twitter feed and facebook page is wide open, waiting on you! Give us your feedback. Well talk to you on Wednesday at 7pm EST. www.blogtalkradio.com/lifefullcircle
Mile 13 - 10:08
Anyway, I digress. Last year, we made homemade scrapbook type Valentine cards with a cute photo of the boys to mail to relatives. It took a long time, but it was affordable and cute. This year I don't have that much time, but I still wanted a cute, original, and AFFORDABLE Valentine card to send to our hundreds of relatives (I exaggerate, but we have a lot of family!). If there ever is a time to send snail mail and put a stamp on an envelope, it is Valentine's Day.
With that burst of open, honest truthfulness, Im going to take another run at finding my old friend Jed through the internet. If anyone out there happens to know his whereabouts, or the actual source of that wonderful quote, please let me know. I owe whoever said it a debt of gratitude for changing my life (via Jed). My hope is to one day discover a previously unknown philosopher at the other end of that bit of brilliance. But, even if I dont uncover that deep well of provocative insight, Ill still continue to make the most of the quote in my everyday lifeat least as some incredibly useful free advice!
You can be assured that all these adventure tours are worth all the thrill without compromising on the level of security and safety that you need. Throughout the duration of the tours, you can be sure to enjoy great views, amazing interaction and exciting adventures for your travel to India that would happen only once in a lifetime.
What do you get when you cross a Harvard MBA and a Doctor of Philosophy in World Religions with a Holistic Health Counselor?
I'm having one of those times in my life, one of those weeks, one of those days...where I feel like I have a LOT to say, to write, etc...but I'm having a hard time putting it all out there.
1. Tell everyone something they dont know about you.
Okay, prepare for a bit of soapbox-ing.
The investigators are trying to establish whether the cut was self-inflicted, or if Teoh was coerced into cutting his wrist, or if the injuries were sustained during the fall.
Home, at the time, was a 1-bedroom, 730 square-foot apartment, already short on living space. The width of the breezeway and the angle needed to maneuver a 14 kayak through a small door, had clearly not been taken into consideration during construction. Dont you just love super-size, easy-opening, boat-friendly windows? That was my thought, too.
- Assorted shades of felt in whatever colours you want. You'll need a larger amount of the main body colour and smaller pieces for the feathers and other details. You could make a "realistic" looking owl with lots of brown feathers, or use a selection of your favourite colours.
And has a nature so malign and ruthless,
According to SAPAs facts page, only 1 in 100 women who are assaulted will report it. The National Sexual Violence Resource Center (NSVRC) lists reasons most women do not report their assault as, aside from fear of the perpetrator, the fear that no one will believe them and a belief that the system will fail them.
Here are some scenes from last night. I will be sure to include some pictures of the girls in the next post.
Although I don't have a card for today, I though I would be a total enabler and let you know about some of the great new arrivals at SCACD!! Take a look:
take care -
On graduation day Tina and I spotted each other across a crowd of tassled caps, as my class moved up the steps of the Rotunda, and onto the Lawn to join the rest of the poor, working bastards out in the world. She gave me a friendly wave and disappeared.
You better free you mind instead
I am that irresponsible mom. People actually call me, "That woman with all the kids who parks her Suburban wherever she likes."
Undetoured, Mitchel changed career course. World War I had raged throughout his tenure as mayor, and he strongly believed in the importance of military service. Still a young man, he joined the Signal Corps Army Air service as a pilot in 1918. Unfortunately nobody would ever know whether he would bring his brilliance and ambition to the armed forces as on July 6, 1918, fell out of his plane during a training session in Louisiana, after apparently failing to fasten his seat belt. A curiously ridiculous and tragic end to a unique New York personality.
and a few types of card.
Make sure to come back on Saturday and take a look. Have fun creating!!
"So. Has she got the right bits and pieces? Sorry."
And the media won't. Because they have more interest in the shooter than in our troops -- despite their crocodile tears.
These changes, if spatially large enough, may have noticeable impacts on local to regional weather and climate.
Right now, the heart is slowly mending,
Not much lurking in my head today yet. Swirling around the edges are the ideas for the Dale Arden story, but Im not quite ready to go there yet. I wanted to write just another blah blah blah blog entry, see whats cooking in the ol noodle. I dont know if Im ready to get down into the sex talk thats actually on my mind, now that Im looking at it. If I write about masturbation I may not publish it. Yes, shy about something at last. Hard for me to get off since the surgery. If theres any one downer its that. But the fact that my circuits work at all is good enough. It was a year after I had the operation before I had another orgasm. Youd think it was a big deal, as in loss and tragedy but no Id really thought about it first and it was a price I was willing to pay. Im glad I didnt have to pay more of one.
Meanwhile I sip on the tea
Good morning everyone.... this is the last Fall To Layout sketch on the Clean and Simple Stamping blog for a few weeks... the design team is taking a few weeks off and we'll be back in the New Year with some more of Natasha's great sketches....
Check out my clean floor under my ironing board! You can now also use that door. She gave me the idea of getting some bookshelves to put on either side of the bay window, and then using canvas totes (I'm thinking like Debbie's) or some sort of uniform containers to corral stuff. I see a trip to IKEA in the near future. I also have lots of ideas on my sewing room Pinterest board.
You may want to refer to this fun little book....
Today is my first official day as LateNightStampers Design Team Member, I was the guest designer last month and Mary Jo asked me to stay on and I happily accepted. This weeks LateNightStampers Challenge is Gift Card Holders. I spent alot of time last week messing around and looking at alot of gift card holders and I finally just winged it and made this one. I didn't follow any written tutorial but for this "Present Gift Card Holder". It was super simple, here is a pic of the inside:
However, the effluent Boris is not likely to damage his electoral prospects greatly, as the alternative, Ken Livingstone, is even worse  both as a human being and a politician. Voters, therefore, are likely to be holding on to Boris for fear of something worse.
So... I really intend on updating this blog more than I actually do, but life is busy! And reading to my kids is more important right. Anyway, since I don't post often you should know that EVERY post is important! :)
The last varietal I will be talking about today is one that has gone from being a prominent grape to near extinction to prominence once again. This varietal is malbec. Traditionally, malbec is blended into the great Bordeaux wines along with cabernet sauvignon, caberenet franc, merlot and petite verdot. Nowadays, along with petite verdot, malbec is used sparingly in these blends. This is due to its near extinction in the 1950s when a severe frost nearly eradicated all the malbec in Bordeaux, France. While malbecs popularity declined in France, it became very popular in South America, especially in Argentina and Chile. In fact, it became Argentinas adopted national grape in the early 2000s when vitners began making malbecs of outstanding quality. It should come as no surprise that it is the most widely planted grape variety in all of South America. On its own, malbec can be a wine full of color and flavor, with notes of plums and dried fruits. Its medium tannins allow it to pair well with food or enjoyed on its own. Malbec is a very special varietal, it was nearly destroyed due to frost in France but had a rebirth in South America where it has become a national treasure.
I'm calling the doctor again tomorrow to see if there is anything he would suggest or he can do to speed things up. Ron is not suicidal but he recognizes that his anti-depressant is not doing enough. He sent his handgun home with Rex tonight. He said there's no telling what someone who descends into deep depression is capable of and what will happen if they reach that point of no return. Amy and I each tried to tell him how important it is to focus on finding even just one thing - no matter how small - to find joy in. He seems to be in a better frame of mind tonight.
Among the highlights: up to 16-person multiplayer and co-op, in which you can collaborate or compete through regional and global challenges.
This soundtrack is in my car right now. When the news broke, I dug out my old CD box in my closet and found it. By this time, I was already in my second year of college. Whitney's songs on this album, and songs by others, including my favorite one on the soundtrack, "Not Gon' Cry" by Mary J. Blige, remind me of early college relationships. I felt tough singing along to those songs.
That nice bloke went in the back of the shop, and brought out a used Canon lens.
As far as this impacting my relationship with food; I dont feel like it has impacted it at all really. I enjoy and indulge when I want to but I dont make this the norm. My opinion is that you just feel better when you eat well. The example I give in my nutrition seminars is this: chocolate cake on your birthday is awesome, surrounded by your friends and family celebrating you and your life; chocolate cake every day is a means to disliking who you are.
Travelling through Bruces America is travelling the back roads of a nation whose forefront as the worlds economic superpower is only just now on shaky ground. The songs settings  dead-end small towns, blue-collar workers, discharged soldiers, unwanted immigrants, and vast stretches of highway  highlight a place reminiscent of John Steinbecks America. It is the underbelly of the American dream that Bruce Springsteen lovingly lays bare.
or emerge
and DC will have a wider range of books starting in September, DiDio says. In addition, three-quarters of the creative teams will be shuffled around  series that are successful and writer/artist combinations that work well together won't be tweaked too much, he says.
Psychology is very important though. After two hours and fifteen minutes, we finally arrived. You cant imagine how happy I am because I think I cant meet my family anymore after that day. I am super dehydrated and almost die. hehehe. Kidding.
893 D-II/17/1985. A Tribute to Larry E. Arnhart. Introduction, Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Royal blue Paradisa maxi dress, Reiss 245
I notice his lips beginning to twitch.
There are a lot of people out there looking for opportunities. Many experienced professionals take consulting assignments in order to pay the bills or keep them active in the industry. This is great and many consultants end up receiving job offers from the companies they work for upon completion of their assignments. Others do well and gain valuable experience that builds their resumes and contributes to landing future positions.
Thanks Kevin. You went Big and we enjoyed the ride. And thanks for experimenting with our Nuggets for dry hopping. Its a credit to your brewing talents that you were able to land this hugely hopped beer with grace and style (in stark contrast to Mr. Solberg, who after a few hours of steady infusion fell like a Mighty Doug Fir).
The bad ones already are too big, the movies are moving much too fast.
-almond butter
So, obviously it was our pleasure to help Fentimans with a suitable response, which is what you can see here.
I am going to leave you with an image I found on Pinterest recently...it sums up how I am feeling lately. I used to think I had to be that "perfect" mom, my family had to be that "perfect" family, our house had to look "perfect" all the time, I found this and realized that I was spending WAY TOO MUCH time worrying about everything being "perfect" that I was missing out on everything right in from of me.
amid whose swift half-intermitted burst,
And sends them dancing to the sky.
put it on. God isnt going to put it on for you, no matter how much you pray
In the school I go to talk to Z-Toad's teacher.
My son wrote you a note guy
I'm dreaming it.
(Here is Coolac dripping wet from a swim in the dam near Roses place, Gucci is the cute furry thing)
I've renamed our smartphone the funphone. It's really not any more smart than my past phone, it's just a LOT more fun (and more expensive to run) than the archaic model I set aside in August. Even the educational games I've loaded "for the kids" are fun. So fun, in fact, that the same girls who have recently taken an if-it's-educational-it-can't-be-fun attitude ask regularly to "play" with it. They know they're learning math, French and U.S. History, but they're willing to make that sacrifice in the name of entertainment.
We are asking that each prize be Back To School related (geared towards any age).
Step 1.
Everyone thinks of Demons in a different way and many have brought them to life in books, films and on television. Each time the demons can appear in different ways depending on the creators interpretation, so here I give you mine.
Hildur rsaelsdttir: Knitting is like our creation of music.
Shortly after the awful events of what some of us now simply call "that Tuesday," a small gallery on Prince Street in SoHo opened up its doors and began to invite ordinary New Yorkers to contribute their photographic memories of that day. What first began as a small community art project soon blossomed into an amazing historical document of one of the worst days in American history, a physical - and virtual - library of images captured by ordinary people on an extraordinary day.
I cant rave about her enough. She does a fabulous job and is incredibly reasonable.
*Note to Matthew Weiner: More Alison Brie is always good. Always.
a) sick daughter
It followed you at every angle. Creeptastic.
Attributes: Agility-d6, Smarts-d4, Spirit-d8, Strength-d12+3, Vigor-d10
That presents the mature comprehension
Blaine Kern is the self-proclaimed "Mr. Mardi Gras" and biggest float manufacturer in the world. His warehouse is open to the public and showcases the larger-than-life props used on Mardi Gras parade floats.
They devoted themselves to the apostles teaching and to the fellowship, to the breaking of bread and to prayer.
It only talks a small proportion of the population to bring social nudity into disrepute. Why when there is 3 Klms of clothing optional beach were they naked contrary to the signs.
Thanks for waiting. In case you missed the preview, find it here so you know what to expect. If youre not sure what Decades is about, kindly check the preview out.
She is so talented and has designed blog banners for quite a few of the Girl Fridays.
His name is Norbert ORyan and he looks like a 19th Century Irish sea captain.
The remedy for these draining behaviors is to start shifting your attitude. Journaling about this can help. Ask yourself, Is there a particular trigger that creates the situation? If so, then how can you avoid the trigger? How can you become aware of when you fall into this attitude? Are there people you respect who could help you? Now write out an action plan to shift these attitudes. Remember to be kind to yourself and begin with small changes  baby steps. Taking action can help solve the problem quickly as opposed to many emotional vampires who stay stuck in patterns for years. I promise: your relatives, friends, and coworkers will appreciate your efforts and your relationships will dramatically improve!
The Mormon population descended from the original settlers has declined dramatically over the years with many from the younger generation leaving because of security concerns or for better jobs north of the border.
... not when ladies like Madonna show us how to don them.
Oh, no!
Then, as if it was 'my turn' I've been hit by the worst cold I've had in years - I won't go into the gory details but it laid me low enough to only be able to cope with daytime TV; yes it was as bad as all that. So was daytime TV! Still, I think I could tackle renovating a narrow boat, and I've never been near one so you can tell how long that programme went on for.
Wolf: ooohhhh
In any event, the party made one of the best and brightest memories in my writing career so far. Getting to meet Mary Higgins Clark and my fellow nominees didnt hurt. Getting to go to dinner with my fabulous agent David Hale Smith and editor extraordinaire Matt Martz didnt hurt either. They have my heartfelt thanks for creating an evening that a very new writer will treasure forever. My next stop is the Malice Domestic mystery writers conference held in Bethesda. Im looking forward to another few days of intrigue and suspense. Wonder if there will be wine and hors doeuvres
Like myself, some of you are in seasons of your life which are somewhat temporary. You aren't living in the same city that you will be living in five years down the road. You aren't working at the job from which you will retire. You aren't living with the friends and family that you will grow old with. Yet, you are called to live!
Haste, haste, haste; Gods changing the church
6. Don't forget to buy a shiny whistle.
FRENCH TOAST stuffed with blueberry goat cheese filling
The Neighborhood Watch Captain was in his car. Why did he leave his car to get into a confrontation with a child armed with a bag of skittles and a tin of iced tea?
For the sneakiest pizza in Dublin look no further to one of the oldest pubs in Dublin, The Bernard Shaw. As you move past the pubs graffiti covered walls and into their stylish smoking area you will encounter a big blue double decker bus/ restaurant. Now there is something you dont see everyday.
Gupta: "What are all these diseases that you say are linked to sugar?"
Keeping World Shiny And Tight And Well Disciplined
Me and the boy is just that. I am Tanya, and the boy is my son Val. I have been a stay at home mom since his birth, I had no choice as my son had many issues. He's almost 4 now. Having ADHD and him as well, life can be very interestinglike many high needs kids needs alot of 1 on 1.
It sounds like I am getting ready to break up with my blog. I.AM.NOT.
The bad news is that while we were away, and despite moms best efforts, the cats (Mr. Sparky Lewis we are looking at you) took the opportunity to munch on my newly sprouted peas and peppers.
Because we have a more expansive translating technique we can more fully develop the English translation and thus bring out the more difficult nuances found in the original language, he explained.
"...we can begin...by subtly promoting our brands in passing -- as an aside to a bigger discussion or conversation...lightweight, not heavyweight. With the advent of the World Wide Web, theres so much information out there for us to absorb and so little time to absorb it. As a result, the best way to introduce new products, content or ideas to consumers will be seamlessly, naturally and subtly through word-of-mouth interactions."If I may rewrite that sentence, it ought to read like this...
* Watch out for rude people (even people that you know) - People just surprise me. I'm not sure why people are rude, I guess they assume that I'm expecting them to buy something, but I'm not that way. In fact, I feel guilty when people I know purchase stuff from me, especially at regular price.
A burly pair of orcs straggled behind the rest. They kept an eye ahead and glanced from side to side. Their job, to spot some little goblin-rat who'd slipped the net and sought to hide unnoticed till the warparty had moved past. They were vigilant and alert, but did not look behind and never saw the arrows whose flight ended in their deaths. Their heavy packs and shields protected them from behind so Arawn had to come abreast but held slightly back and sent first one and then another shaft into the orcs unprotected side. It gave a gulp of pain but did not scream and then collapsed. Its partner did the same, two arrows sticking from it, one in its side the other through its neck.
The next morning, cruelly, we go surfing. I manage to avoid everyone seeing how bad I am at surfing by never even attempting to mount the board. "Waves just weren't right for me, man" I opine to anyone within earshot. Back at the surfclub everyone hits the scaldingly hot showers to try and reverse the damage two hours in the North Atlantic in October can do to a body. Barry is in before before I am. He is the only bloke to have dropped his trunks. Barry is a hurler and you can always recognise the lads who play team-sports as the ones who are happy to let everything hang out in public showers.
Hollywood Palladium
The New Jersey 5% Nation of Gods & Earths group, The Poor Righteous Teachers used the Seal of the United States as their cover of their "New World Order" Album. For people in the Islamic Tradition, Black Consciousness and Pan African movements the All Seeing Eye is well known. The Kemetic/Egyptian Eye of Ra or Horus, and its use within the Free Masonic Fraternity, has been much discussed. For The Nuwabian Nation of Moors and its founder Dr. Malachi Z. York it was the Black Man's eye of Kemet, stolen to make him blind, in some Islamic schools of thought it represents the Eye of the Dajjal or "The False Prophet", Shayn - The Anti-Christ.
In the interview, he said that he had discussed the issue around the dinner table with his wife and daughters. He said hed heard from service members who, even after the repeal of Dont Ask, Dont Tell, felt constrained because they arent allowed to get married.
Ok, so, what's a blog hop without prizes, eh? Of course our hostess has a few surprises for you! I've heard that there is a free digi drawn by hers-truly, and there are some wonderful sponsors offering prize packs for her celebration... so, what do you have to do? If you haven't visited Jess yet, you'll want to go see her birthday creations, messages, videos, etc.. and you'll meet Christina, Carisa, Cass, and Krissy over the next 2 days.. leave us all some love and of course, don't forget to go on over and leave our hostess with the mostest some birthday happies as well!
When people who have experienced salvation in such a deep way and then have fallen away by not trusting in Yahushuas death (Christ Jesus) and in His high priestly office and go back to animal sacrifice and the system of the cohanim (priests) which the Torah set up to administer them, then it is impossible to renew them so that they turn from their sin, as long as for themselves they keep on executing the Son of God on the stake all over again.
The suggestion that Greece should be commissariata is a crude response to Greece's post-colonels' political underdevelopment. No-one could risk taking on Greek fiscal governance: apart from the unlikelihood of being any more successful than the elected Parliament at imposing fiscal restraint measures, there are no means to assert sovereign control for Greeks, never mind Germans.
I think youll find that the first episode of Brew Masters shows Sam Calagione to be a personable, fun-loving but hard-working guy; an image you probably picked up on in the documentary film Beer Wars, as well.
Date: January 9, 2012
The purpose of holding your Light on high is to motivate yourselves, and all those with whom you interact, to awaken. As I said, you have the all help from the spiritual realms that you need in order to do this, but you too have to respond with the strong intent to awaken, because you have free will and you cannot and will not be coerced into doing so. Gods Will for you is that you use your divine gifts  free will, love, compassion, acceptance, forgiveness, and so on  as you truly desire. But you can only do this by releasing your doubts, fears, and anxieties, or any feelings that suggest to you that you are not truly worthy.
I am John Hansen, teenage crime author of several books including the flash fiction Lobotomy trilogy which currently stands on Smashwords with a five-star rating. I also own and operate a book blog, titled The Incessant Droning of a Bored Author where I host contests, review short stories, and discuss various aspects of writing novels. I always love to hear comments from fans about my books, blogs, or guest posts.
Over the past several months I've been discovering that I have another major kink in addition to spanking, and that is Ageplay. I suppose I've been somewhat debating with myself whether to bring ageplay topics into my blog or not, but I think I will because I'm learning that it is such a big part of who I am. So you will be seeing some ageplay themed topics and experiences in my blogging future. There are so many different aspects to this kink and people experience it in so many different ways, so in the near future I will do an entry on what it means to me, what age I seem to settle into, and other tidbits.
a kiss, if you will, which burned my bones to salt,
To tell the truth, I don't use DJ Intelligence's database in my own DJ business -- I compile my own song lists targeted to my clients and reflecting my own musical knowledge, and I have other ways of soliciting my clients' musical input. But I'd be a fool to ignore their charts entirely . . . and my Mama didn't raise no fool.
The really big ideas in digital marketing are starting to slip away from digital shops. Could that be the real reason why digital specialists and their apologists have given up on the "big idea?"
Bun Bo - October 14
During the party, at which the sport coat-clad group led a sing-along of the Star Spangled Banner, some guests began taunting them, hurling epithets like faggot and homo. One guest, whom Dawydiak identified as the son of a prominent pediatrician and a Sacred Heart alum, apparently led the jeering.- - - - - - - - - -
Meanwhile, Finch is slowly rebuilding his library hideout while continuing to masquerade as an insurance salesman. His nephew Will comes to him with some more findings and an intriguing keepsake  a champagne cork wrapped in a napkin with the words Day One. The Machine. 2/24/05 written on it. Will also has a lead, a woman named Alicia Corwin who worked for the White House and now lives in the only place in the U.S. without cell phones or wireless internet. Very strange. Strange enough that Finch does a force pair on Wills cell phone.
The Christmas Spirit.
I was in shock. And pretty pissed, mind you. This bitch looked like she had been rode hard and put away wet a LOT in the 70's, before I was even born. She was NOT cuter than me (this said while crossing my arms and stomping my foot like a toddler). Had I not been drunk, I know it wouldn't have bothered me. Anyway, I told Tara about it, and she laughed, and we made fun of middle aged lady all night. It was pretty fun.
I am pondering... pecan pie. I've never made one before!
The chapter 12, I particularly appreciated the description given of the new medias that are getting more and more popular. As I am a fanatic of e-books, I think it is one of the best options that organizations have to promote themselves: they can be read anywhere, it can be full of graphics, images and then it catches the eye, etc.
Paul Salata knows what its like to be overshadowed by greatness. He played for the 49ers and the Colts, but didnt amount to much. Salata went on to become an actor. He appeared in movies such as Singin in the Rain and The Ten Commandments, but his roles were so unimportant hes not even listed in the credits.
correct the mistakes that we made on this domain
There's an old attorney saying that they've never had to defend anyone against something that wasn't said. When the police start to question you further about what happened, just simply say, "I don't want to say anything further until I've spoken with my attorney." Now if there is something immediately pertinent, let them know such as, "the one that was shot is right there, but the other two ran that way... they were wearing..."
If you are an unbeliever you should come to Christ, you should want to come to Christ. If you are a believer you should want unbelievers come to Christ, you should share the Gospel with unbelievers and we should believe in Christ ourselves. Jesus is our savior and we should help to lead little lost sheep to the shepherd. Even though sin says that it is delicious green grass (in other words it looks desirable) but really it is a thorn-bush. We should come to Jesus and help others come to Jesus.
Steve spotted the tracks first.
After my early childhood experiences of smoky back rooms, shadowy bars, and whiskey in general, I headed into adolescence with a negative attitude towards both alcohol and the establishments that thrived by keeping its customers glasses full of firewater.
I cannot quite remember what it was that I had done. It may have been not sleeping during the afternoon nap and keeping other children awake too. I may have sneaked out of the room (Not Allowed Under Any Circumstances during nap time). The teachers had never disciplined me or spoke to me harshly before; "That's it, upstairs now and stay until I send for you!"
A friend of the SPC Blog has posed the following question for our readers, based upon the fact that Monaco does not appear to have made any provision for SPCs in its law.
Fishing
So how does this work? How do we get the most out of Reiki?
We knew the girls were really women in disguise, that they understood love, and even death, and our job was merely to create the noise that seemed to fascinate them
The protection of surface water and groundwater sources helps us all by protecting our drinking water supply, lowering the cost of treatment to produce drinking water and protecting the plants and animals in our environment.
The introduction bears the legend: This book is not about settling scores. I have tried to describe what happened with calm and restraint.
Blue moon,
GUYS!
But its not.
and so made the foundation of his work,
d. I do not have children myself, although I desperately wish to have them in the future, it seems strange to think that within the next ten years if I am lucky I will have my own child. Although I have no children I know that when they happen, I will love and fiercely protect them, I couldnt even think about giving them away and I know that none of the women in my family could of done it either. Its so clear that Angela truly loved this tiny baby boy the agnoy she must of had to endure hearing him crying and not being able to say goodbye, just to hear your baby taken away from you by voices and then having ot wait so long to have another child, it is so heart-breaking. People would assume that because of this the book makes you sad and yes it does there was a period where I had to just leave it for a little while, I had to think hard about what I had read and it even made me tear up. This said it is also so beautiful we know from the blurb that Angela w
But writing a school story was actually a lot of fun! School is rife with drama and scene potentialthink locker room showers, lunch times, classroom pranks . . .
Their vehicle was hit head-on by a car driven by a Catholic priest, Albert Marie, and Andersons wife Leola was killed instantly. Romney, who has always maintained he was not at fault (witnesses claimed Albert Marie was drunk when the crash took place), was seriously injured. He was even initially feared dead; the policeman who first reported to the scene wrote Il est mort (he is dead), in Romneys passport. At hospital he came out of a coma. Four days later he was on a Paris-bound train in a carriage that had been chartered by the Church. Ambulances were even authorised onto the platforms at Bordeaux Saint-Jean Station to drop off Romney and Anderson.
I see the lines of raisd earth stretching from river to bay,
By watching, their parents the children learn to bully and hate new residents (new comers, and outsiders). This action can take place anywhere in Cheyenne. The children not only watch but also are encouraged to participate in the bulling of the victim. These children are taught to what to say and how to act to harm the victim (new resident, new comer, or outsider) so others will take notice of this behavior and believe the child or children. So, the unfortunate victim (new resident, new comer, or outsider) is blamed for the some crime not committed but made up by the bullies.
Can you play Rack City by Tyga? Napkin Man asked. Were with some bitches and they dont know about the music youre playing. They want to hear Rack City.
The ignorance, and apathy in the system will create the disenfranchisment of the populace away from healthcare all together. There are more and more people everyday especially males that say how they would never go to the doctor for anything because they will get sent home with more disease then they went in with.
Finally, in addition to screwing their customers, bank bosses have ravaged shareholder value. My friends who understand these things say that the banks balance sheets are not worth the paper they are written on, because no one knows the real value of their declared assets. They are scarcely presiding over success.
mijn eindeloze liefdesdorst.
The next two hours Randall let me ponder over the error of my ways and to soak in my guilt. Absent his forgiveness I thought I might absolve myself by writing this. During my writing, I think he may have been reading over my shoulder, because amazingly to me, Randall suddenly deliberately left his perch, resolutely crossed the room, jumped up on the footstool at my feet, stretched out facing me and fixed his gaze on mine. I slowly reached out my hand wondering if I would receive a claw-extended paw in return, or maybe a quick head lunge forward with teeth biting enough to hurt but probably not break the skin. Instead I was allowed to gradually stroke Randall's body, as he eventually purred his forgiveness.
He said I do. She said I do. They kissed. Relief.
As the international community considers its next steps in supporting Haiti, or in responding to other disasters, I hope that the transition from the search, rescue, shelter and feed phase to one focused on strengthening local institutions will be faster. Defaulting to doing business with Beltway bandits must stop. Organizations like Zanmi Lasante and Fonkoze, which have sandals on the ground long before a disaster strikes, can be powerful and cost-effective engines of reconstruction and innovation.
How am I supposed to ignore a distressed text message from someone in the group?
The bulk of the suspicion for these "accidents" is placed squarely on the delicate shoulders of Michael's former brother-in-law David (Merritt Butrick), the spa's resident computer expert. Why, you ask, does a health spa have a computer expert? Well, you see, everything at Starbody Health Spa is run by a kind of super computer, one that takes up an entire room, and David, it seems, is the only one who knows how to operate the complex behemoth.
When using this, I decided to focus on exfoliating my upper arms, as it is there that I have small, stubborn dry patches that prove difficult to shift! I gently rubbed the scrub into my skin in a circular motion whilst in the shower, and then washed it off with warm water. I noticed that, because real lime is used in the product, as I rubbed the fruit popped and let out its natural oils so I was hit with bursts of the gorgeously zingy smell of lime. Unfortunately, the ginger scent wasnt as obvious.
Giving a bath to a squirmy little puppy isn't exactly the quietest task which is why it took me a while before I heard the screams.
-Trish
(3 times you heard laughter today)
The Little Engine That (Almost) Could
18. Football is a force that both unites and divides in Scotland. Every major conurbation has its own intense rivalry. In Edinburgh, it's between Heart of Midlothian and Hibernian. In Dundee, it's between Dundee and Dundee United. And in Glasgow, of course, it's between Celtic and Partick.
04. Vampires
He was an older man, tall despite stooped shoulders. He wore a straw garden hat. Khakis with sneakers. A kind smile.
Heres more:
It is worth noting that agriculture grew steadily in 2001-2011 (4.2% per annum on average) and contributed significantly to the economys recovery. Unfortunately, investment in this sector has been severely inadequate. While agriculture claimed 52.6% of the workforce, it received just over 6% of investment and took up only 20% of GDP in 2006-2010. Meanwhile, the expansion of industries and services has not been sufficient to absorb unemployed rural jobseekers. Endeavors to transform Vietnams economic profile, with priority given to industry and services, also leave much to be desired.
Fairview and Maple Avenue continues to be the top intersection for collisions in the city although we have seen the number of collisions there decrease over the last few years, Day noted.
The PPK has posted eight pages of wish-lists and I-mades from this book, and the verdict comes to a total of 78 raves about recipes, far, far outweighing anything less positive. This includes Isa's post that the four she tried were wonderful. One guy's only post on the entire board ever was to rave about four of the recipes and say he was eating one right at the moment. Want to hear more? The top five spaces are occupied by
reminded myself that in 3rd world countries a family of 5 actually live like this, to get my mind off of spending $1200/mnth for my 700 sq ft
And, Howard, if youre reading thisI was only kidding about the coffee. Millions of people enjoy it every day. For me  its the Tazo Awake tea in a mug (not paper) and the mini double fudge donut. Good stuff!
We give this consideration when were gathering materials  we know that some combinations provide more play value than the sum of their parts. Fabric and clothes pins. Buttons and cups. Cardboard and a knife. Bringing materials that compliment each other doesnt determine what theyll become, but it increases the possibilities exponentially.
.the guy you broke up with a week ago shows up at your work to tell you everything you needed to hear- a week ago. That he does care about you, more than you could even imagine, that hes been so incredibly sad the past week, that he not only can, but does see a future with you. A future that includes marriage and babies and forever.
Japanese doom metal band Corrupted has always balanced their intense, despairing metal with restraint and musicality; their epic 1999 album Llenandose de Gusanos opened with almost 20 minutes of delicate piano before the guitars and guttural growls finally appeared. Their newest album takes that approach even further, allowing bursts of bleak metal furor to emerge organically from the wasted sonic landscape that the band patiently builds. The first track, "Garten," opens with plucked electric guitar notes that reverberate into near-silence before each new sound appears. From this spartan foundation, the band gradually creates a somber atmosphere that seems to be marching towards a stormy musical catharsis, especially when the low, raspy whispers of vocalist Taiki add to the darker shadings of this plodding death-crawl. The explosion, when it comes, is somewhat contained, though, controlled rather than chaotic, a focused expression of emotional ruin that's all the more affecting for its precision and its intimate connection to the slow-building progression that preceded it. It takes almost 20 minutes for this half-hour song to truly kick into gear, and the patience of this build-up is excrutiating and thrilling in equal measure. Then, after a brief acoustic palette cleanser, the equally epic final track leans more heavily towards sustained scorched-earth metal rage. [buy]
Anyway, the prodigal daughter returned to the flock and instead of blending in like she was there all along, she was met with the question:
Original Air Date: April 3, 2012
85. Broken a CD? - Not yet.
Winston Arthur Grant, 59, West Hempstead, N.Y.
some of which will be used on the day)
He enjoys!
Ask God to reveal your sins to you so that you can ask forgiveness.
Let's take a look at what 2010 held for our family...
Congratulations to the girls track team who finished 2nd out of 12 teams at the Edison Invitational. Finishing first and breaking the meet record was the 4x100m relay team of Abbey Bodeker, Hannah Bartlome, AuBree LaForce, and Emily Cunningham. Other first place finishes went to the 4x200m relay team of Abbey Bodeker, Hannah Bartlome, Victoria Gimben, and AuBree LaForce. Emily Cunningham in the 100m and 200m, Hannah Bartlome in the high jump and long jump, and Abbey Bodeker in the 300m hurdles. The lady sailors will be home this Wednesday against Midview so please come out and support your Vermilion track team.
Dude. Talk about a one sentence reality check.
YUM YUM YUM NOM NOM NOM !!!
The Booktrack speed can be adjusted to your reading speed, as well, so the synchronization between sound effects and text should be reasonably good.
As soon as I let "DD" have the Giraffe, she immediately fell in Love and snuggled with it while also exploring all his features and spots on his back. She wouldn't let it go for several hours and carried it around the house with her and even took it outside with her, which surprised me because she doesn't usually take her indoor toys outside with her. She has many outside toys that tend to stay out there, she enjoys playing with. It was blatantly apparent that "DD" was instantly attached to this little guy and that made me very happy. She has a few other favorite plush and dolls. BUT there is only one other doll that she favors and carries around the house with her. So her reaction to the giraffe was very good needless to say. AND the biggest shocker.....she actually brought him to bed with her!! She hasn't done that before with any of her other plush or dolls, except the one other doll that is her favorite and has brought that to bed a couple times. But Giraffe is a regular bedtime buddy now!
Updated 10/10/2011
Its considered as the national flower of Malaysia; Barranquilla (City in Colombia) and the state of Zulia (Venezuela)
A service of GSW Strategy Group, LLC, providing foresight and insight in an uncertain world. Content Copyright 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 by Geoffrey S.W. Styles. All rights reserved. The views expressed in these postings are solely those of the author.
Simply apply a few drops of the essential oil in your shampoo rinsing water and rinse with it. Also avoid heat treatments and styling your hair using heat as much as possible. This is because heat damages the hair structure leading to excess breakage. If you guys still want more articles let us know  respond below.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseffs visit last week to Washington, DC, offers an occasion to consider how some once-poor countries have broken out of poverty, as Brazil has. Development institutions like the World Bank have advocated improving business law as being essential to success. Are they right?
We watched Terminator 2: Judgment Day recently. My son had never seen it and I was interested to see how it held up after all these years. I'm not sure I've watched it all the way through since I went to see it at the cinema on its release in 1991.
The suspect remains in custody in the county jail, awaiting transfer to a federal facility.
Laughs Ray in wild hysterics.
The origin of the castle and the town are lost in time. Legend says that a Frankonian king (466511) founded the fortress on the present castle heights. The first known record of Knigstein however dates from 1215. Knigstein castle was a royal foundation but during the French Revolutionary Wars the fortress was blown up by French troops in 1796 and now the castle ruins is under the supervision of the municipality of Knigstein.
Thats where my hero comes into the picture. It was 10:50 pm last night when I desperately emailed my always very helpful blogging friend, Gary, to see if he could help me with my blogging emergency. Within seconds he replied, telling me to call him. I felt really bad calling him so late at night, but he didnt mind at all. He talked me through resizing my images to a more appropriate size for the internet and also how to delete the large images from my old posts and reinsert smaller versions. This way I can gain back my free space.
Fits UK4-8
The house was awesome! Right on the beach with fantastic views of the sound. There were 3 1/2 bedrooms in the main house along with nice living room, sun room, dining room and big kitchen. Just below the house on the path leading to the beach were 2 more guest houses. Hot tub, deck, wi-fi, the works!
Yes, small presidents do fail, Barack Obama among them. The coyotes howl but the wagon train keeps rolling along.
I sent the mom an email a while back and told her she was one of the meanest people I'd ever met. A mutual acquaintance had suggested it was a shame that I said that, but it is truly how I felt. Her actions are ones of cruelty, stemming from pain, I get that, but does being in pain yourself ever excuse cruelty towards others? I guess, for me, I can't look at my actions and see that I'm hurting people and casually go about it anyway. That is the heart of self righteousness and a person can't truly heal from any kind of pain while being that way and behaving in ways that hurt others, especially if their actions are intentional. That doesn't even begin to dig into what this mother is doing to her very own daughter, that was just about her daughter's best friend. What she's doing to her own daughter is much much worse and could potentially destroy any chance she has of ever having a relationship with her. It's tragic that the one person this woman cares about, her whole world, is her daughter, yet she's driving a big wedge in between them, so much so, that her daughter is looking to manipulate her instead of getting what she wants by being honest and forthright.
15. We are here
It makes me sad - but I know I will be back one day.
The presence of young Korean Americans, second generation and beyond, drives this trend to a much deeper nadir. The second generation Korean Americans grew up without ever exploring the ceiling of what Korean food could be, or establishing the floor of what Korean food, at a minimum, should be. Yet, by virtue of their minority status, they become false representatives of authenticity to mainstream America, which is never all that good at appreciating finer differences within a given ethnic group. Even David Chang, probably the most famous Korean American chef in the U.S. right now, apparently "had no idea there were such endless varieties of namul," or seasoned vegetable dishes, in Korean cuisine. To me, that is an inexcusable level of ignorance -- namul is (or, at least, should be) on a Korean table every meal, every day. If you do not even know the characteristics of one of the most foundational components of Korean food, what the hell do you know?
Globally, the crisis cost between one and five times 2009s world output, in terms of output lost now and in the future: $60-200 trillion for the worlds economies, 1.8 -7.4 trillion for Britains. Globally, the crisis destroyed at least 30 million jobs and cost $3 trillion in extra public spending, to bail out the banks.
It was also during this time that I began to write. To date, though unpublished, Ive written one young adult fantasy manuscript and several childrens stories  including an entire series on a pair of unlikely buddies, a dog named Angelo and a cat named Malcolm, that I will continue to write about so long as it makes me happy.
And boy, am I glad I did. Shingeki no Kyojin has now become the shounen manga I swear by, the shounen manga I console myself with when Im annoyed with Bleach and when Ive all but given up with Naruto. But more than that, its the manga I point to as the epitome of Japanese storytellingapart from Kare Kano. Hehe.
Remove the cover and raise the heat to medium-high and let the sprouts brown frizzle, about 8-10 minutes more. Season with additional salt if needed.
All entries must be received by midnight, March 31st. Depending on the number of entries we receive, Jennifer and I will choose finalists, from which we will ask Chef Zimmern to pick the winning entry. A round-up of all entries and the announcement of a winner will be posted within one week of the deadline.
Homer Simpson was right. The troops are happier when they get extra tartar sauce. But do the great states of New England take tartar sauce for granted? Has ketchup and malt vinegar reigned supreme in other places? Alas, our countrymen miss so much! Tartar sauce goes great with fried clams on a Saturday night. I love idling by the condiment station in a restaurant, filling up little paper cups with enough tartar sauce to feed a battalion. (Theres something wrong about using those packets of tartar sauce; we shant be fooled by factory-processed imitations!)
The evening after the playdate, she emailed me and thanked me. She said she had had a great time, that I was so easy to talk to and that we should get together on a weekend when both husbands were free. I was so excited and emailed her back, telling her that this was a great idea. And NEVER heard from her again! Since then I have seen her in the school pick up line and we have waved and smiled but that is it! It seems so strange to me and when I ask others what I should do, many say I should just let it go. It wasn't meant to be. What do you think???
A.S.Byatt The Children's Book
1 Tablespoon vanilla extract
As children, most of us played with dolls. Whether they were GI Joes, Barbies, or even Cabbage Patch Kids, each type had one thing in common  their size, shape and clothing. If you had a nurses outfit for your fashion doll and your best friend also got the nurse, you had identical outfits. The office outfit consisted of a dark suit, white blouse and briefcase. For GI Joe, well, olive drab is still olive drab. Unless you were creative with a needle and thread, your doll looked the same as everyone elses.
Would you stop being so disagreeable about whats past between us and listen? You might get some information that could help you. I never intended to hurt you. It was a joke.
The descriptions of her preparations to travel to France, the journey and her early days in Versailles make captivating reading. Maria Antonia becomes engaged to a man that she has never met, has never seen, and doesn't really know anything about. She waits anxiously for months for a miniature portrait of Louis-Auguste to be sent to her, and a painter comes from France to paint a portrait of her to be sent to Versailles. Through the marvels of Wikipedia we too can see her likeness.
documentation and procedures and sophisticated tools that are embedded in the customers SAP Solution Manager environment.
Meekins, a Vietnam veteran and former police officer, told the Tampa Bay Times that he couldnt understand the airlines lack of compassion.
Here is his close up of his favorite things and his handwriting. The thing that cracks me up the most is his special S because I remember doing those when I was in middle school, hahaha. ;)
Los Angeles CA 90071
(3 hour-half day or 6 hour-all day version)
Jack Wagner got all 8s for his samba with Anna. His memorable year was last year when his daughter showed up in his life and told him he was her birth father. No details or anything, but he was touched by it and thrilled to have her in his family. She and his other children were there cheering him on. Apparently she bounded in before a concert and told him. That's a lot to deal with any time but right before going on stage! I wonder more about all this. Jack and Anna danced to one of his songs, which I'm not familiar with. Actually, I don't know who he is. Just read his bio and know why. I never watched General Hospital or Melrose Place. That explains it. (24)
Formed from the ashes of Supreme Dispassion (THE most brazenly blasphemous musical group I have ever seen), Roman Gabriel Todd's Beast Rising Up Out of the Sea is probably the second most blasphemous musical group I have ever seen. Benny is a punk rock Billy Cobham, Roman (Gabe to his mom) is intensity incarnate. Observe...
You think you've seen all the yanks have to offer the world? Gangsta rap, almost naked skanks with lack luster singing voices, chemical soup that is passes of as food? How about unsustainable debt or "corruption free" finance built on mortgage backed derivatives backed by liar loans? Endless war in the name of democracy and in the cause of Islamic Jihad?
Beatrice Shilling OBE, PhD, MSc, CEng was a highly talented aeronautical engineer - and motorcycle racer, gaining a Gold Star at Brooklands for her 106mph lap. She became hugely famous when she found an elegantly simple cure for the engine cutting-out problems experienced by Spitfire and Hurricane pilots when making extreme turns. It was a simple fuel-restriction device, like a washer with a needle valve, that was fitted into the SU carburettor and solved (nearly) the problem until pressurised carburettors were fitted to the Merlin engine. The little device became known as "Tilly's orifice" - and many of our brave fighter pilots owed their life to it.
"An adventure."
The power of gratitude is that it cant always whitewash the real challenges or heartaches or stresses in our life, but it helps keep those things at the periphery instead of in the center. When we dwell in gratitude, we allow God to stay in the center of our focus and attention and keep those things that need worrying about on the edge, where we can actually keep them in their healthy perspective. Because at least for me, when I center on my problems and my anxieties instead of centering on God, I become fairly worthless in regards to being a blessing in the world.
don  wellness coach
Bitch, Look At Me Now by Childish Gambino (1)
That's it! Fast, easy, and great! It would be really easy to customize this card with the school colors for your graduate too! What do you think?
I also took a large circular pot, and planted 3-4 broccoli seeds but none of those have sprouted yet
Moving from table to table, the Roving Wizard serves a 5-10 minute program right on the table top of your guests. The Table side Conjurer creates his show out of the barest essentialsminiature props he carries around in the pockets of his tuxedo and humorous stories to go along with them.
who told voters in 2005 that the reason I got involved in public service, by and large, if I had to credit one thinker, one person, it would be Ayn Rand, now backpedals to Just because you like someones novels doesnt mean you agree with their entire worldview philosophy. She has a worldview philosophy
Read and annotate chapters 7 of The Great Gatsby for Thursday, May 10.
01 Love Will Tear Us Apart
Layer for the Seasons
Cant you make some room? Hes published, you know.
At one point I was standing by myself on the perimeter of a big, wide dance circle. Ross was I don't know where. It was one of those moments when, surrounded by people, you just feel kind of lonely. You can sense the personal histories and the long friendships in the room, and since you are not woven into those histories yet, you stand, quietly, respectfully, at the edge of circles.
was not boring--it was peace."
I always complete the 10  20 minute warm-up and the 10 minute cool-down, but I have yet to finish the main (5K) set as specified. Even using slower intervals than recommended, I tire quickly. I often slow the belt down or complete fewer intervals (or both). Still, Im getting a good workout. My heart rate easily reaches the performance zone (91% of max) during the speed intervals. During the rest intervals, if I feel like I need more recovery, I walk until my heart just drops out of the aerobic zone and then start the next speed lap. I keep telling myself just one more speed interval, until I simply cannot complete any more and then I begin the cool-down. I aim to complete a total of at least 5 miles (including warm-up and cool-down).
All in all a very good night, thanks to Greg and Tina for their company, and bringing the Canada Club for the cook! The boys were great trying and enjoying everything without any complaining  they enjoyed it all  Yay Canada!
Father takes his author bride in-hand; with
Grind the urad dal first, until smooth.Keep aside.
We are not raising children. We are raising adults.
Forerunners of a divine multitude,
void of apprehension
brave;)
Because of the misunderstanding and stigma surrounding gender identity, children are often horrifically bullied, even in their own families.
He glances at Mackenzie holding her squirming son on her lap. Miguel looks like a mini version of his father, Dom, who is cutting the food on his plate into little bites. Alfonso, Doms brother, is sitting next to his daughter Zoe and theyre playing some kind of game on his phone.
I love Saturday mornings that start with a good cup of coffee in my Pj's. Those mornings where you can slowly start your day and not worry about where you have to be! Those are the best! That is exactly the type of morning I am having right now, and if I could have some Mango Waffles from Victor's I would be one happy camper!
You have always lived in Stormwind? Brulee asked gently.
Despite the controversy, Gainsbourg kept touring and stood up to an audience full of angry French paratroopers at a show in Strasbourg:
I used all but one of the Spellbinders' crosses in the set, layering each up using glue gel for dimension but I then added to this further by cutting two of the fleur de lis 'circles' & used gel glue again to attach them behind my cross. I then found a large pearl for the centre. Attached to the second of the triangle's sides, the third side is for the 'to' & 'from'.
All the trainees were unemployed, says Canada, half of them living in the Fort Greene housing projects (as does Canada). They took courses on the ins and outs of construction safety, including spotting when a crane is leaning dangerously and learning how to prevent tons of dirt from spilling and suffocating workers.
We rent in an Home Owners Association (HOA) neighborhood. The HOA is pretty crazy about how your house looks, ie IF you have any weeds, trash cans out, statues, or any other type of montrosity you will get FINED! A montrosity is deemed as anything that they dont like or looks hideous.
The Tories say charity is more important than ever before but this is nonsense as they carry on cutting charitable funding from the government .
A couple of years ago, as I was checking out at one of my favorite thrift stores, there was a box filled with music CD's. There are no sleeve covering, so I guess that is why they were giving them away. When I looked through the box, it was mostly older tunes. I could take up to 10 CD's, so I picked out some that I thought I might be familiar with.
+UP rewards = Rite Aid reward program (coupons good on your next order)
Again, bad with titles. There are some that I have read more than once  Gone with the Wind, Watership Down by Richard Adams. Oh, perhaps the favourite would be Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett  it was one of those that I didnt want to end I was enjoying it so much.
So for a week, the kiddos have not seen any show or movie on the list. They are watching things like Franklin, Little Bear, Berenstain Bears, Curious George and Wonder Pets...and are totally happy with it.
Similar bouts of perfectionism might grip some of us from time to time, forcing us to invest inordinate amounts of work for incremental improvements, and propelling us to higher levels of glory. The frustrating thing from the quants perspective is when the glory gets hogged by a middle-level people manager. It does happen, time and again. The quants are then left with little more than their flattering epithets.
Father! The princesss head whipped around and a smile danced upon her lips, grew upon her face till it seemed the beam from her teeth rivaled the brightness of daylight.
Each blogger participating in this hop is featuring
Therefore, what is the point of the exercise if not to completely dismantle the student, because if there is no way to fill in the extracted mythology, I cant imagine there is much left to do?
And serpentine flowing hips
After a few foreplay more, Yoochun get between Junsus legs. Junsu blushing cutely and Yoochun cant help but kiss those kissable and now swollen lips. Yoochun lift Junsu legs and put it on his shoulder.
remained either with you or in the room next to yours, sat with you every evening to
But then another identical jetor was it the same?would appear behind a different hill, or it would come circling up from another direction entirely, and it began to feel, my friend explained, as if he had inadvertently driven into the middle of a kind of quantum event, with the sameor was it?airplane appearing and disappearing, over and over again, reappearing and swooping back from different angles, all the while mis-timed with its own acoustic side-effects.
that somewhere,
According to some South American companies, the US drug policy is responsible for cartel violence. Many are lobbying for the US to keep marijuana illegal because they feel that permitting the plant would not be good business.
in the hot August sun on a dog leash
One of my goals for the month of May (Im still working on my list, but Ill post it soon!) is to create new dress-up items for my girls each week.
Don't know about you, but I'm encouraged to know that Superman (and Superdog, I guess) had 18 different Kryptonites to deal with.
Once again: when white, Afrikaans students play a prank in which nobody is physically harmed, it is racism and it reaches the front pages of the international press.
Dwight, like T. Roosevelt at first glance does not seem fairly socialist. He was a Republican. He was a five-star general who put all of Western Europe under the stars and stripes. He became the super commander of NATO, intervened in Iran and Guatemala to topple left leaning democratic leaders and replace them in national interest. But all this doesnt diminish his socialist aspect. After all, did not Trotsky believe in a world revolution? Did not the Comintern specialise in the creation in the contamination of precious bodily fluids across the world? The fact remains that although Ike fought the Soviets back like a true patriotic son, his national policy would be condemned as socialist if put forward today. What did he do? Well for starters the top tax rate in Eisenhowers reign was 94%. Today Obamas trying on his class warfare to raise it to 40%. He ordered the state build highways, rather than rely on friendly private corporations and expanded exponentially on the disgusting social security FDR forced on the brave American populace. He also tyrannically placed in troops to enforce educational integration at Little Rock, Arkansas. Astronomical taxes, builds autobahns, gives money to filthy poor folk, makes war on conservative values. Eisenhower is undoubtedly a Red. If only McCarthy had spotted him and acted accordingly.
More and more, I get asked how I cook them, so Ive decided that even though this isnt the most complex recipe, Id post how I cook my artichokes. And Ive added my tips for sauces. Whats important is to trim the artichokes so you dont have any sharp tips left on top  they can be nasty. This also reduces their size so you can fit them in a pot more easily. Once theyre cooked, I serve them whole, but I have also served them cut in half as starters to great success. I slice them carefully down the middle, cutting through the heart, place them inside up on a platter and drizzle them with vinaigrette dressing. Make sure to put an empty bowl on the table for the leftover leaves. For a starter, you can estimate a half per person.
I'm a Free Spirit! I betcha already knew that, but I am really enjoying getting to know the Shannon Kinney-Duh and her work. Her challenge for February is this (so simple) Laugh MORE, Play MORE, Love MORE...
Behav Modif 1999 Jul;23(3):379-402 Lichstein KL, Peterson BA, Riedel BW, Means MK, Epperson MT, Aguillard RN Department of Psychology, University of Memphis, TN 38152, USA. Internet Health Library
Let the Right One In
And later that night I had a string of fruitful conversations and prayer times with students. It started out with a conversation with someone who wanted to make a first time adult decision to follow Jesus and ended with a conversation with one of my leaders who needed to know that Jesus had not forgotten him. As we talked, we worked at some of the roots of his numbness toward evangelism and he left with a sense that there was work yet to be done in his soul, but the Lord present.
1 lb. Chow mein meat (There is a note that basically says use Ground Pork if you cant find this)
The hill in my own way
1223. Mundys After Show Frittata Sandwich @ The House (Brigatine, NJ) 3:12 a.m.
I took so many pictures to capture the colors, so just a warning. All but two are in the shade because the colors stand out more. I used my mom's camera since mine is dead and it's much better quality.
Darrell Bock
*Modge Podge
Although I've seen chopines before, it never occurred to me that chopines were hidden underneath women's billowing skirts. In fact, the wearing of tall chopines meant that skirt lengths had to be substantially lengthened and necessitated a significant increase in the amount of expensive cloth needed to make such skirts. Furthermore, since a woman could not walk far on such pedestals, servants were also necessary. Thus, the wearing of tall chopines was symbolic of a family's wealth and status.
Im looking at the light, and at the same time, I am not looking at the light. Can you really look at something that is the reason why you can see, and thus is the thing that makes you look instead of you looking at it independently, without its help?
Whenever the fans start questioning Wenger the pundits always respond to the calls for his head with the question: Well if not Wenger, who else?
With this bunch of bozos in Washington running our big businesses into the ground, small business is going to be the only financial engine our nation will have left--so let's make it happen.
I love this thing. Big, big thumbs up for the giant womb/eggplant.
It may be that I have lost the plot but if there is one there why not go and lose it? Made a change from painting. Took a bit longer too. Ive now got superglue and clay stuck all over my hands and, a bit of blue and orange paint. Classy!
I'll let them think this is true
He never told me when to start.
Some basil and a slice of lime for garnish
Matthew D. Horning, 26, Hoboken, N.J.
Best Wishes and thanks for your continued support!
So in real life I went to bed, got up, ate two breakfasts to restore my stamina, went to work, worked on some new songs, picked up my boy from daycare, cooked and ate dinner, had a bath, helped the wife attach some hair extensions and ripped some old CDs into iTunes, then sat back down again for another go at Darkwood Forest. While I was doing all these things, my dude for some reason was wandering back around the outer edge of the forest back to where he came in, instead of just turning around and walking back the way he came.
Anyway Filmgoer and I decided that we would just combine our funds and get them a bunch of stuff rather than one big gift. My only rule was that if there was a "Monkey" version of said item, then we get it. That has been drilled into my head for years by my mother, "Baby shower + our family= monkeys". I'm guessing it's a good luck thing for us but I wasn't planning on going against it. So together we bought a potable bouncy chair, some shampoo, toys, pacifiers, teething rings, towels and receiving blankets. We were going to buy more, but we then realized that when the kid was born we would still be spoiling him not matter what so it would be better to just wait and get him more stuff later. Dreamer got some stuff on his own, specifically the highlight he gave them was his own teddy bear which he named "Tibbers", which I think is from League of Legends. I'm not sure since I don't play.
Our apartment was not clean and organized yesterday. But then I kind of attacked it with a sponge and a sink full of water. Thats how I spent my night, and I feel a lot better and really refreshed. (And I only feel slightly lame that I am 22, and this is the second post in a week about cleaning.)
What makes marriage workand what destroys it
WARNING: Spoilers ahead! So dont read past this if you dont want to be, umm, spoiled.
I really enjoyed giving my talk, unhampered this time by a great stage, lights and microphone as at the previous event. The audience were so responsive, and dear Darren was right in the front row looking all excited every time I read bits out of the books. It turned out that there were absolutely loads of people at the conference who'd read Stonewylde, and many of them had brought their well-thumbed copies of the trilogy along for me to sign, which was a pleasure.
Lesson 1: The most important thing I can do to keep improving as a teacher is to keep placing myself in the position of learning new things. The discomfort, confusion, coping - I have to keep coming back to it and back to it. The goal is perceiving myself, even when facing thirty teenagers, as an "accomplished novice" instead of an "answer-filled expert." How do teachers move from expert to novice? That is hard to do and even hard to think about - a desirable pathway but a difficult one to find. But the "accomplished novice" attitude is one I respect in the best teachers I know. If I don't keep placing myself in the learner role, I forget, forget, forget. "Answer-filled expert" is the pattern of habits I fall into when I forget.
The horrible truth is, the good guys are not winning in space. Oh there are battles up there, but it is a stalemate. Yes, the white hats have been able to destroy some reptilian bases on earth, with the help of the Andromeda Council, but the space battle is not faring so well. The bad guys have better tech and the true benevolent beings are more watching than actingwe dont even know if they will help us if we start losing. We could make great use of their superior technology and weapons but they are limited in what they can do, unless nukes come into play and the earth could be greatly damaged, which would have galactic repercussions.
There is still the wind that I remember
Theist: Wait wait my friendas you are describing your illustrious ancestors tell me how they managed to not be brutally killed by all the wild beasts? You know like bobcats and snakes? Oh yeah I forgot they were the wild beasts. But how is that these wild beastly smelly creatures evolved into men and other wild beasts such as bears lions tigers..you know animals of that sort did not evolve into humans? What determined that? Also why is evolution so unmercifully involved? In the Bible it is so simple and to the point, so lovely. It says that God created man in his image. I love it!
KUALA LUMPUR: Election watchdog Bersih condemned the amendments to the Election Offences Act 1954, which it said paved the way for the dirtiest general election yet.
The Story of the Redneck Christmas Eve
We are in a steep growth curve at present & to be honest I'm struggling to keep up, but I'm relishing the challenge. We're now brewing our core flagship IPA 'Diablo' at least once a week amongst other favourites like Zenith, Gambit, Barista & Teleporter whilst also developing new lines for bottle like our forthcoming new permanent Double IPA 'Maelstrom'.
If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed, which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down (Charles Darwin, On the Origin of Species, p.189)
Kayak takes on more adventurous material with the poet becoming separated from a loved one in her kayak. In this poem she doesnt listen because she can not hear. She rues this: if your voice had carried from the pier/ as through the one remaing seagulls wings,/ perhaps you would have kept your place beside/ me in the sudden storm. Becoming separated from the voice she wants to hear, she grows desperate: drowning/ is the only sound, the cutting off of air/around your face, the silencing of movement/ toward me now. Clearly, she has more adventure than she wants to deal with: the kayak learns the river,/ and the heart the rushing cataract.
She thinks it's funny.
The Secret Museum:
2nd layer:
enjoy immensely meeting the needs of our friends and family. I love
One of the next important innovations came when Santini decided to add a dash of lemon juice to the basic cocktail framework. Until then, cocktails had never contained citrus juice. Sours, fixes and daisies--all prevalent during the mid-nineteenth century--certainly contained citrus, but not the cocktail. And it was this move from a lemon twist to a quarter ounce of lemon juice that changed the face of cocktails.
The fashion is totally inspiring too, nipped in waists, lace gloves, coiffed hair and lashings of lipstick, I am in heaven!
Son: I love you to Pluto and back. Mommy, is Pluto cold?
A little side note: This was not a stolen design idea, which can be disheartening enough, but this was 2 years of my life shared through my jewelry designs, photographing them, editing them, sharing and writing about them, photographs of my daughter, my Dad, my family, etc., and it was all lifted complete with photos, titles and all content, with no links back to the owner at all. And for what purpose? To sell "AD SENSE" ads, so that they could make money off of the readerships clicks on the ads. Tacky, I say.
Its a bit of a shame that Im without my sketchbooks over the past four years, but when Im finally reunited with them Ill have to post a few extracts up on this forum. In the art foundation years, I had gotten seriously indulged in the art of the eye.
Here's what you can expect to find among the pages of Sticks and Steps;
Despite the fact that this is repeated over and over in the community. People seem to forget this in every story I READ. I swear, if I had a penny for everytime somebody pretended they understood this rule, yet never incorporated it into their writing.... This is really the #1 thing you can do to improve your writing. Lots of things fall into place if you understand this simple rule.
These boots are from Minnetonka and they are crazy comfy with laces up the front and fringe on the top. The tend to start up being by the knees and slip down during the day.
...love interior design.
My Lovely Lotuses have created nothing less than gorgeous cards for you today. As usual.
I applaud the people standing up for what they believe in. We all need to become more involved and offer our support when we can. If we dont, this may be one of those movements that is over before it really gets started.
So heres to getting older! I think if nothing else, age has helped me become a little wiser, a little calmer (just ask my mom  or my high school friends), and a little more flexible. No, life is never going to be perfect. But I like to think that although Im still not exactly where I want to be, Im on my way.
Now for some additional questions the AP failed to ask, in its glowing attempt to parrot a Hollywood publicity release. If Melissas commitment to Tammy turns out to be just as temporary as her commitment to Julie was, does she have an equal right to Tammys twins, who she did not biologically father or mother? Of course, legal conflicts between the rights of biological parents and day to day caregiving parents exist in the heterosexual world, too. But my point here is that were losing the ability to even define what a parent is, particularly if the rights of parents who are both biological parents and caregivers become, in some cases, subservient to other caregiving parents, if we can call them parents, who just happen to want the children.
"I won't Dave, you got a drink?"
I can honestly say that, for once, I felt amazing about myself. Little did I know what would happen next.
Uncomfortable images come to me while I am in this state. Usually times in my life that my anxiety got to an unmanageable level. Starting a new job and bursting into tears just outside the door. Shaking uncontrollably, losing the ability to breathe properly. It's a mess, and I've been a mess many, many times. I am working very hard at looking at these images as they come to me, and letting them go. These images that come up are representative of an uncomfortable moment in my life that I have yet to work through and let go.
Like the harvest moon, excitable, frizzy,
Reduce muscle cramps and spasms
I thought they werent
Nothing can beat, bunking the office for a ride.
So whats the alternative? The next possibility he considers is that, rather than choosing to do something wrong, perhaps the theist without evidence is defective in some way, broken, or ill, or otherwise malfunctioning. Thats all very well, he says, but the theist might also say that the atheist is broken or ill or malfunctioning or full of sin or whatever, and doing the wrong thing for that reason. How do we decide which one is actually malfunctioning?
What do you think about this one?!
with projects to engage the imagination and beautify the home.
And he seems unwilling to confront an important issue raised in my previous posting. I pointed out that the Community Benefits Agreement was signed by Brooklyn-based groups but seems to benefit many outside Brooklyn. The CBA process raises the question of how to define the community: the geographical area? minority groups? African-Americans? And who speaks for that community?
Im not going to go further because with Episode 3, which takes place 20 years on, people start dying. Its enough to say that episodes 3 and 4 continue the supernatural mysteries and continue to be strong. When we get to episodes 5 and 6 (which is a two-part story that takes place 30 years after episode 4), we turn from mystery to the final act, which is a high fantasy angels vs. immortals throwdown with Rin as the prize in the middle. Rin has lost her mind (even though shes immortal, she dies and then regenerates) due to a particularly violent death and long regeneration and the story is pretty melodramatic as a result. Mimi is now living in a temple filled with immortal women which would be a dramatic character change if wed seen more of her pre-temple life. There are some things that work better with a longer history and this is one of them.
One thing I've always enjoyed about the hobby is the vast amount of different opinions among collectors.
Last chance to get your entries in is the 5th of May. We'll be posting where The Vulcan has been every few days.
The day of the exchange I was so busy with work and class that I wrapped my gift about 5 minutes before I had to leave to set up for the fellowship. The exchange happened at our annual Christmas party, which was held in the Taproom this year, a cafe-style wooden-floored room at the top floor of the Memorial building on RISDs campus. There was food, conversation, some music, picture-taking and tacky Christmas sweaters. For the exchange itself, a friend and I passed out all the gifts which was not so easy because people seemed to lack the foresight to actually write the name of the recipient on the gift. With only one hitch (one person didnt get a gift. Sad, right?) everyone received their gift and began tearing into them. Some of the highlights included a giant pen, a faux piece of bread complete with squishiness and bread smell, a plant, replica wooden Batarang, and a Master Chief cut out art poster handmade by a RISD freshman.
Can you believe this really happening?! We're not sure that we can!
The only way a horde might happen is if, again, we are working on the assumption that the zombie plague also creates some kind of pheromonal IFF signal (Identify Friend-or-Foe). Not only is this ridiculously complex (and thus unlikely), it also reduces the likelihood of perfect transmission, meaning *splat*again no hordes.
Add the butter to the pan and allow it to melt. Over medium heat add the corn, salt and pepper and cook stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 mins. Stir in the herbs and serve hot. This really is so good, I hope you will try it! I was so busy geting everything ready I never got a picture of it but it is also a PRETTY dish! Now here are some pics for you to enjoy of our evening.
The sex toys were placed on the mantle with care
We appeal to the authorities to do the right thing and arrest these traitorous Muslim fanatics. We are at war. Our men and women are being killed on a daily basis and we are expected to put up with this gross outrage and insult to the families of the fallen.
We are weak but He is strong.....
The out-of-touch fringe of right-wing climate change sceptics is a dangerous and expensive drag on climate action, but it needn't be that way
There has been a nine-year gap between movies (if you dont count the straight-to-video ones) since American Wedding in 2003. Now in 2012, the gang are heading back to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. The boys (Jim, Oz, Kevin, Finch and Stifler) may have grown up in terms of jobs and lifestyle but they are certainly the same immature guys they were in high school.
This poem is purely fiction.
Bipolar Disorder
Im not sure where the image above originated (I first saw it in the Mayan Factor), however, its another arrangement of the 260-days of the tzolkin. I couldnt say with any confidence what the significance of the black days are, however, it does help to figure out patterns intrinsic to this calendar. For one thing, if you read the numbers for any given glyph across the above image, the numbers alternate between two progressions. In the last column, the first, third, fifth, etc columns progress 7,8,9,10,11,12,13 the second, fourth, etc.. 1,2,3,4,5,6  this is true for any glyph (although the starting numbers differ). There are a number of numerical patterns to be played with (not to mention Franklins magic square).
Once the United States was built up, it was decided that Europe would begin to be built up even more as well, more than they had already been built up at that point. The souls designing the plans made it so that the countries that they wanted built up the most would get built up and conquer the rest of the world, and they would do so by lending money to countries whom they know could not pay the debts back, to build up their countries and experience the prosperity that was given to the very souls who built up the United States to such levels of prosperity, by other countries and entities possessing the funds to do so.
It was playing with the "Easter basket" that made me think about what a deal we're getting with the $2 baguettes. These are perfect. They're crisp on the outside. They cut open to reveal an interior that is dense and tasty, but lightened up with the irregular holes that you get in artesian loaves. I grabbed one that we just sliced thin and put on a tray with eggplant dip for Mrs. HowChow's college friends.
Or, if you took stock performance data from poorly performing Company A and spliced on better performing stock data from Company B, and then made a new graph and used that graph to sell investors on Company A, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) would have a veritable cow when they found out, wouldnt they? People go to jail for such things.
Chopped Pecans, about 1/3 c.
1 claim
If the idiots in the theatre trample each other in a mad rush from a fire that doesnt even exist, it was their own stupidity and lack of clearheadedness that killed them, not the person shouting fire. If your reaction to the mere threat of danger is to hurt others, you are the culprit.
Its how I live.
Life is complicated.
Morgen: Isnt it great, because I know when reading something how easy it is to think, Oh yes that was good and move on rather than taking the effort to contact the author and let him / her know. Now Im on the receiving end I do make sure I do. Apart from being a very solitary life (which I love) to know someone appreciates what weve created is a big reason why we do it. Writing should be written to be read. What is your creative process like? What happens before sitting down to write?
See how considerate I am ;)
- shape into a large cirle and cover agian
Goodness. No mediator necessary.
Its incredibly frustrating to be seen as only one aspect of who you are, especially if the popularized version of that aspect isnt yours. No-one is just a woman, or just a person of color, or just  anything else. We are all puzzles made up of hundreds of different pieces that make us all unique, and no two people who happen to share a biological trait are going to be the same in every other respector even in how they experience that trait. Aint nothing wrong with drag queens, but there are millions of gay men out there whove never even been to a drag club in their lives. They count as gay, too.
It was made using an altered vintage image on fabric
Since the birthday girl loves chocolate, I baked two layers of my favorite chocolate cake, and then filled it with a rich chocolate mousse (the same chocolate mousse recipe that I used to fill my heart surprise cake, as well as the various triple chocolate mousse cakes that I've made.) Once filled and stacked, I cut off Hello Kitty's bow and carved the cake a bit to further shape the piggy ears. Then I covered it with pink cream cheese frosting.
Justice Minister Ergin responded that such worries were baseless. The Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) has also raised concern that the law could be used to target Kurdish business people and the municipalities it holds in the southeast.
So, after writing this, it's not so much my origin than my whole writing history, but once I started I just couldn't stop. I do hope I haven't bored you!
In this article are some of the normally applied terminology and words and phrases linked to secret agent surveillance Cameras, along with straightforward descriptions:
If I had another life ahead of me.
1. This Charming Man (Smiths)
She walks forward, more on impulse that anything else, her defense mechanisms seemingly silenced. Defenses. She looks down at her own bare skin and notes that she is no longer covered in sores or seeping pores. She is still naked, but no longer feels the slight chill that even her Manusan physiognomy was finding uncomfortable. Interestingly, her own skin has a reddish tinge in this light, and she wonders if the woman truly is red herself, or if its just a trick of the light.
For information or booking:
...or I surely would have blown my brains out. (Hyperbole. Check.)
BRIDGES CB, MELTZER MI, THOMPSON WW. Influenza vaccine for healthy working adults. J Am Med Assoc (JAMA) 2001; 285: 292.
Plan Ahead
The sale price works out to RM2.30 per E&O share, which is a 58.6% premium over the stocks pre-suspension price of RM1.45. Sime Darby came out in defence of its purchase, saying the RM2.30 was actually a 20% discount to E&Os estimated realisable net asset value of RM3.2bil or RM2.88 per share.
I achieved the hot air balloon on the paper by reloading the patterned paper into the printer and then printing the digi on top, I really love this method because it means less colouring and it fits your project perfectly!
More or less, the reason we watch or ignore a flick like this is based on whether or not it gives us what we want. Dracula (The Dirty Old Man) promises a lot in its title alone - it promises that we're going to see a Dracula (or at the very least an Alucard) that does a lot of very lecherous things with pretty women. When The Count leads Irving into his cave and (in voiceover) says, "Take my hand, and you'll find I'm a stranger in paradise", or when a girl transports into Drac's/Aluc's arms as he says/dubs "Come to me, my melancholy baby", we realize that this is a nudie cutie that is actually trying to be a Dracula movie without realizing it's shooting itself in the foot with each scene. Or at least stabbing itself with a wooden stake.
I remember eating my lunch in the bathroom for the first two weeks until my mother threatened to call the Principal...if I didn't go into the cafeteria....
In the 1950's there was actually a debate in Australia about whether television broadcasting should be allowed. I think, on balance, that we'd be better off if the opposers had won. That's something I wouldn't have expected to write in earnest 30 years ago. Now it seems the most natural and sensible conclusion to come to.
When I gave its stalk a twist.
#3: I had to be honest with myself about just how many glass vases, hurricanes, platters, etc I needed. The answer, as it turns out, is about 1/4 as many as I had. 3 trips to Goodwill remedied that issue.
I'm scared, I'm scared that something really bad will happen someday, and I won't have him anymore, I don't EVER want to lose him. And also, I don't want to screw this up.
The seas have gone dry
i will admit i'm using the terms "we" and "read" loosely in the above sentence. susan was the only one who actually finished the book. we're pitiful, we admit it. but i read half of it. and i loved it. if you're looking for a sweet, sweet book i highly recommend this one.
And that reminds me... we have a BRAND NEW POLICY here at DEAD AIR: Whenever rude Tea Party idiots show up here and try to defend the evil, selfish, immoral Rich Criminal Pigs currently attempting to ROB THE PEOPLE? I print a new Tea Party cartoon. Obviously, they need one.
About 30 minutes before serving soup, drop noodles in and cook. Add some fresh chopped parsley right before serving. Enjoy.
In some ways it is like politics. Both sides can have a point or want different things, but if the two sides are talking, compromising and working toward a solution that works for everyone, then things get done. If it is all trash talking, bashing and attacking, then things become that much more difficult, take that much longer and often in the end leave everyone not as happy.
Long story short, Mr. Telstra, not only am I sending back your piece of plastic, but you're paying for the postage, and I'm getting a full refund. And all because I stopped speaking nicely and used the same tone of voice your company is famous for.
I might add, not as part of the review, in light of later events in Japanese history, it is a bit chilling to read the authors defense of Japanese aggressions in Manchuria and Korea, especially when they suggest that the Japanese annexation of Korea in 1910 was for the benefit of the Korean people. I think few Koreans would agree with that sentiment.
The reason for picking this color was because my kids wanted a pink room, but I am not a huge fan of pink colors. I do like some shades of pink and this tone was one of the pink shades that I like. It gives a soft and sweet look to the room.
Can it be done? Is there a magical store in Toronto where I can walk in and see my entire condo before me, totally furnished and within a reasonable budget? Sigh. Honest Eds here I come.
What I noticed was that sometimes students' stamina in practicing these words waned, especially with our 25 minute session length. Also, we don't have spelling words every week (short weeks, in particular), but we do Daily 5 every day, so what were we to do?
He tells her she is special
Right up until the mid 90s things continued to improve and at Australias dental health peak the average 12-year-old had just one decayed, missing or filled permanent tooth. But now the incidence of dental decay among children is dramatically on the rise.
And, companies that are smart see that, they dont want to play that game, and they decide at that point that its time to clean up.
Following illustrations provide an insight into application and mixing methods.
twenty trees smaller than weeds,
So once upon a time Shawn hunted his own rabbit and cooked it and ate it. This was not this time, that was before we even met each other. Now we live in the city and while I have seen the odd jack rabbit bounding through the city like it just doesnt give a damn (remember I mentioned earlier? they are just mean) I am pretty sure we arent supposed to catch those, and well its been a while since Ive seen one; I dont work in the north end any more  the rabbits are just too cool for downtown I guess. So to the butcher shop it was! And for some reason, if you can believe it, rabbits are not incredibly popular here so we had to buy a frozen one because they dont sell fresh ones. So here is our bunny lappin, as my Uncle Gordie would call it, lets get going!
I didn't know what to expect when we got there but I immediately fell in love with everything about Costa Rica - the people, the food, the weather, and that LIGHT! Oh, that light.
I try not to allow myself to feel the crushing sense of guilt at the inevitable extra strain and burden it places on those I love the most.
I woke early and laid thinking about the long night of short dreams that woke me. Three of which were simply hearing her voice, telling me something. With each one I remember thinking I wonder if she is there in her bed telling me something from her deepest heart and our bond is actually strong enough for me to receive it from 2,000 miles away. Thats a crazy thing to consider, but the tired mind can do crazy things. Then, a message on my phone and I feel the development of a large lump in my throat that almost prevents swallowing. I get up from my bed and drive to the gas station to get a coffee and I cant find my sunglasses to cover the evident pain in my eyes so I went to the drive through to avoid going inside.
The cutting room floor
*Brown sugar cream:*
4.) Reward Yourself Everyone that I know loves a to get a reward every once in a while. Lets say you worked out all week and you followed your diet plan. What would it hurt if every so often you rewarded yourself with a nice bowl of ice cream?
The problem for parents was that the tiny strings of hair ended up everywhere, particularly in the carpet. This was the late '70s when shag was still in style. I cant imagine how many vacuum cleaner bags I must have filled with red, blue and yellow Play-Doh hair.
Good morning guys, hope everyone is well in blogland. It is Saturday and that means we have a new challenge. This week we want you to use......
(I do not know how to make this usable for you,
NAMA also advises me that it pays interest on its senior debt at the same rate as the six-month Euribor rate, which is reset in March and September.
But no dog will ever replace our sweet Daphne
This plan gives me the chance to not only eat healthier but make myself feel better about what I am contributing to. I want to advocate for healthier food and a general sense of where peoples food comes from. I do realize that eating vegetarian is cheaper when done correctly and it will give me more energy and keep me full for longer. These are great things when considering i am working with kids this summer! I am so very excited to start!
lemon juice of 1.5 lemons
CASEY JONES AND THE GOVERNORS
There are many reasons going and coming of why this is happening:
Lastly, I thought that The Painted Glasstower by Betty Tureaud[SLURL] was both a beautiful and an impressive installation. The glass panels change over time and I think there is also an elevator box driving through the middle of the tower to the top (I entered the hole from the top and then landed on top of said box and drove a bit back up with it).
The primary considerations at this step are to finalize the overall height, the radii for the front and rear curves, and placement of the doors in the side. After considering several options, we arrived at a 53" height that includes 3" overhang over the sides, 2" roof thickness, a 6" thick mattress, and 2" interior drop on the roof fan that will be installed later. This still allows for me (6'1") to reach over my head to change clothes while sitting on the mattress. In terms of the radii of the curves, we arrive at a 30" radius on the front, and 54" radius on the back. This seemed to be a good balance of curves with something that didn't look too egg shaped. Lastly, the door placement was decided to be as far to the rear as possible without encroaching on the wheels/fenders. The goal here was to be able to get in/out of the camper by sitting and turning, without having to shimmy forward/backward from a laying position.
I used to get reeeally angry when I would mess something up in the kitchen. Like, fuming mad and wanting to strangle something angry. I think this blog has helped me in that area. I've had the opportunity to try a lot of new and different recipes and have experienced a lot more successes and a few more failures. I think I'm becoming a little more....well rounded in the kitchen, and more low key about the results.
In response to the City's budget woes, today's Scottish pride parade has been cut from 13 to ten blocks long. The event is the first procession affected by the NYPD's decision to shorten parade routes in order to cut down on officer overtime hours.
Though it is pretty safe might a storm materialize. They have the north dakota snowmobile trail for speed. The Speedway schedule starts in May and runs to the north dakota snowmobile trail with prime pheasant hunting. With the north dakota snowmobile trail in southeastern Nebraska. There are also required before licensing is bestowed on aspiring massage therapists. Once you get the north dakota snowmobile trail how to track them down and reclaim them.
Blog tour stops and events are posted here:
I felt slammed into the sudden weight of my meat on the bed the rasp of breathing, reeling as sounds returned and the room jigsawed itself backward out of the void, like a kit assembled by my opening eyes. The sense of loss, the fall from heaven, was heartbreaking, but it was my origin story too  my personal induction into the cosmic corps, the army of light.
Reviewed by Poinsettia
So far, in my new proper writing life, Ive managed to publish all of one short flash fiction piece on this blog. I created the blog to push myself to do exactly that  come out of my nice snug writing closet where I could hide my terror at having my work read.
Steph also sent me her signature bag of goodies and treats which included ribbon, buttons, charms, and wool- all gorgeous- and two little plastic bags of 'ingredients' for making felties as my new feltie book (Felties by Nelly Pailloux, here on Amazon) arrived last week. Hurrah! Steph also sent me one of her goddess figures which my Mum had ordered- I chose a goddess from Steph's contributions to the travelling craft box swop (see my post here) and Mum thought they were great so we commissioned Steph to make another! (Check out Steph's folksy shop here for more of her lovely creations!)
And there we have it: Alper's theory of fictional reality. You saw it first here.
I have just finished this one with the help of my sisters stash. This one will suit my son for his birthday in June as he loves Strawberry cake and champagne!!!!
When doing a custom blend it is interesting how the blend develops over a couple of days. I start with a base scent and then pick one additional scent to blend it with. I blend them together at a couple of different ratios and then let them set for 48-72 hours before smelling them and deciding how I like them. On occasion I will blend 3-4 different scents to get the profile that I am looking for.
Shotgun blast hit his chest, left nothing inside.
Hopefully it wont come to that. I sincerely hope that theyll wait until after the experts have given their opinions and all the evidence has been presented. I appreciate that the media has a strong desire to start discussing this issue straight away, but its important to take a step back for the sake of due legal process.
The first documentation of slavery in America dates back to 1619. However prior to that slavery existed worldwide. Before the invention of photography slavery was documented through etching, painting,s and pencils.
I'm sure you've all heard about the flood in Nashville. What you may not know is that my sister lives there. Her house flooded within feet of the roof! She lost everything.
I was quite shocked the Giants used their second pick on a wide receiver. After the departure of Manningham, I assumed that they would use in-house receivers like Domenik Hixon or Ramses Barden. The Giants took him because they feel he is ready to make an impact on the league. This will be exposed since he is playing along side two great receivers in Hakeem Nicks and Victor Cruz. The Giants GM Jerry Reese is comparing Randle to teammate Nicks in that they are both speedy players who can make the long grabs to put their team up. He will be a great third receiver since he is accustomed to playing in the slant. Nicks had this advice for his newest teammate, grasping the whole idea of things and how we run things here, just making sure hes accountable and able to take on everything thats going to be thrown at him. It isnt going to be a lot. We wont throw too much at him, Im sure, but just being a rookie, you know you have to come in and play the game the same way youve been playing it. Dont put too much on yourself.
With all of our items in tow, it was time to find out the overall damage! And yep, it was a little steep, but, we did get just about every single thing on the list, with the exception of some minor accessories, so we were pretty satisfied with the total cost:
Curated by Martha Wilson, artist and founder of Franklin Furnace
"Don't stomp your feet!!!!'
I'm guessing by the chubby cheeks that I was close to two in this photo! The carousel was always magical for me. Of course the Mary Poppins movie confirmed my belief that the horses were magical! I always waited for the time when the horses galloped off into some fantasy land where we were transformed into cartoon characters!
COWAN AE, WINSTON CA, DAVIS MM, WORTLEY PM, CLARK SJ. Influenza vaccination status and influenza-related perspectives and practices among US physicians. Am J Infect Control 2006; 34: 164-169.
Update: Thanks for the link at NRO where former Assistant United States Attorney in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing conviction has more: Triple Play! Obama Blows Off Congress, Funds Palestinians, Lies About PA Stance on Israel
Jazzhuset
religion, mysticism  but also more recently from
From the BJF mailbag:
The same goes for publishing: the changes that have been rocking the industry for years are constantly producing opportunities. Borders went out of business; some independent stores are seeing growth as a result. The industry is transitioning over to a digital format for a substantial subset of its titles; some authors have found new audiences in the e-book format. And so on and so forth.
Remove the stalks from the mushrooms and finely chop. Fry gently in olive oil with the onion, pepper and pancetta until vegetables are soft. Stir in breadcrumbs and rosemary.
Society trains people not to question authority. Hustlers exploit this suspension of suspiciousness to make you do what they want.
Obadiah took a moment to look around. At the back of the cafe was a small yard, half of it covered by concrete and the other half with compressed dirt and saw dust. The pile of logs was to his left, just by the dirt track that went around the lone building and to his right was a ramshackle log shed where the unused fire wood from last winter lay strewn about. Beyond the yard was the raw of the tall maple trees he saw from out front and beyond the maple trees a forest with a small clearing where he spied several deer grazing in the tall meadow grass. The late afternoon air smelled fresh, woodsy and, Obediah thought, of marzipan. Obadiah rolled up his sleeves and got stuck into chopping wood.
Do I want every animal I come in contact with to have the best chance what-so-ever? Absolutely -
My first card is a Jubilee celebration card.
to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is
Could you just keel over from the cute?!! Plus this little munchkin looks about Emmys size, so I know it would be comparably adorable. I think I would just purchase the black tee, already have black leggings, and use this pattern (below) that I already have to make the sheep body, sans sleeves and pocket!:
Tigerli is really not normal!
Last weekend, he specially requested that I attend a festival at Bicentennial park with the family. The details surrounding this festival remained ambiguous. Secretly, I was hoping it involved some sort of wine and cheese. No, I couldnt have been more wrong.
San Diego Padres - Jaybarkerfan
Details to follow!
Tucked away in a busy little strip mall, Chings was the place to be when we stopped by early yesterday afternoon. Walking in the door, my first thought was that we werent going to be able to get a table. After settling into a spot in line for the ordering window, I took a look around at the tiny dining area and noticed that the walls were covered in framed photographs of former Memphis high school stars, along with jerseys of prominent Memphis Tigers basketball players and other Memphis-related sports memorabilia. Upon closer inspection, I even found a photo of Marlon Brown sporting his letterman jacket from Harding Academy.
These feelings  being nagged by this constant guilt  is what has aggravated my disordered eating of late.
The point is that the far left, and the SWP, hasnt even got anti-anti-Semitism to differentiate itself from the Nazis. Take my point about anti-Semitic Jews again. Take the example of the communist and half-Jewish radical Ruth Fischer. What did this commie think of the Jews? This:
I had to go out & buy a new laptop. My other one was well past it's sell buy date!! Kept shutting down on me... I could have just thrown it across the room!
-Megan
Now I already told you I know nothing about basketball, and to be honest had no idea there were 4 different divisions of the bracket (I learned that last year)! Thankfully my sports obsessed boyfriend helped me out with this one a bit! And I think I had a pretty great way of picking my teams! So are you ready for my super scientific bracket method? Ready?
No, Im not being followed by cardiology. I thought my heart was fine.
In June 2005 Dumas recently discovered last novel, The Knight of Sainte Hermine, went on sale in France. Within the story Dumas describes the Battle of Trafalgar, in which the death of Lord Nelson is explained. The novel was being published serially, and was nearly complete at the time of his death. A final two-and-a-half chapters were written by modern-day Dumas scholar Claude Schopp, who based his efforts on Dumas prewriting notes.
Whipping cream
freshly ground pepper
And to wrap things up for the weekend, I made this breakfast that I had mentioned in last week's breakfast post HERE. I thought they were really tasty and came out perfectly! If you have to make breakfast for a large group, it's a great way to get the eggs cooked all at the same time.
Just a short thought for today.
Tonight the Giants are playing against the Marlins. Im totally watching it, even though Matt Cain is pitching and he isnt exactly my most favorite pitcher.
It looks different here. I've lived most of my life in suburban New Jersey. As an adult nearly all the towns I lived in had a New England-ish feel to them, with homes dating to the 1600s and large housing stock of older homes. Clapboard housing and lots of deciduous trees.
Its where I got the name from in the first place. In the case of the hexagram, it is comprised of two identical trigrams, which represent the element water.
They are renovating the stairwell in our apartment, and it is absolute chaos. They have to chip the old plaster off the walls (it's plaster right on brick) and then sand it and replaster. The amount of dust and mess this is creating is ASTOUNDING. AND, when they are working, they set up a scaffold on the stairs that you can barely squeeze by, and even then, you are rubbing up against it (and thus all the plaster and wet dust and so on.) It's awful, it's noisy and it's messy as all get out. And, to top it off, the guys doing the work? SO NOT FRIENDLY.
(Pass out wine)
Cold Opening  A Message from the President of the United States
Been slammed again and again with work. But luckily some of it is art related and therefore I do have some more things to post and share! A few works in progress and some completed pieces back over on my DA.
And here's the finished article, it will hold a few rolls of sandpaper, and if I need a bigger one I can just root about in my scrap wood collection for the bits, the holder has now been installed in the workshop and it performs well.
Unfortunately, architect Louis Page decided that the new cornerstone, which bore the usual inscription (the date of construction, names of City Council members, and names of the architects and general contractors), was unacceptable and wouldnt be used. One of the problems was the stone was made of red granite that had a great deal of black mottling, making the lettering hard to read.
Running Time- 89 minutes (NR)
In a better world there will be no countries, in a higher world there will be no religions.To be human is enough.
I've been thinking a lot about being fourteen lately.
Kathy Hepinstall is brilliant with characterization and her novel offers a memorable cast. My favorite person is an older woman inmate who suffers from an unusual eating disorder. While this novel is intensely serious and provides a setting that is the dark reality common at institutions of this time period, Hepinstall manages to relieve the readers with short respites of humor. Without giving away too much, a much anticipated meal of lamb becomes a disappointment to all, except the doctors son. Hysterical moment with hysteria at Sanibel.
Also, this post is prepared ahead of time and Im telling you this and ruining the illusion because Im seeing The Hunger Games tonight and Im very, very excited. I will probably be exuberant about it tomorrow if you catch me on G+, Facebook, or Twitter. I read the entire trilogy a few weeks ago and I loved it. The movie looks amazing. Im kind of squeeing, at least as much as my sardonic and stoic countenance can squee.
Von still has three years of chemo, but the really intense treatments were finished a month ago. His hair has started coming in and his body is gaining strength, but we have still been praying for Von's long-term health. His stunted growth was one of those things that we were willing to accept, but still we asked friends to pray.
Don't let your life pass you by
But on the other hand, I never have a problem coming up with some little pearl of wisdom Ive figured out about life for my kids, or a well-thought out solution to a problem my husband presents to me, or even something to write about in my blog. My symptom has now become a full-fledged characteristic, but this little lesson has shown me not to think Im the one accomplishing Gods work. Hes just using my weaknesses as He tends to do with all of His servants
One of the cool things happening on stage was the rhythm of the music and lighting. Throughout the entire set it was constantly flashing like crazy with the tempo with the drums. If Ben was blasting his ass off, the lights were blinking like crazy. Talk about an epilepsy check! Their show was really good, definitely the best show Ive seen Whitechapel put on. The crowd was going nuts, circle pits, moshing, headbanging and even the Wall of Death happening on This is Exile. There wasnt many crowd surfers during Whitechapel, which is a good thing for me. I fucking hate that shit. Whitechapels crowd was exactly what I want when I go to a metal show. Energy, just raw primitive energy. Screaming like they all just sacrificed a lamb to the gods on stage while Phil screams viciously back at them.
There are many different things that a person can be addicted to, but food addiction has to be one of the toughest addictions to break. Food is necessary to survival, so you cant give it up like you can with other things such as drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Are you addicted to food? It seems like it wouldnt technically be possible, but research has shown that some people actually have an addictive personality when it comes to eating food.
1. Create a card using the sketch of the week. You may use any stamp or element you have to create your card, however if you have any A Day For Daisies images, we'd love to see what you can do with them.
Adapted Recipe of Alisons Wheat Free Brownies
Eager to preserve their culture of openness and global collaboration, campuses are skirting  and even flouting  export-control laws that require foreigners to hold government licenses to work on sensitive projects.
McQueen once stated that: Birds in flight fascinate me I try and transpose the beauty of a bird to women. He understood the importance of plumage  or perhaps even of dressage. He also recognized the capacity clothes hold to both inspire and disturb. There is a sense behind every crafted corset, behind every padded hip, behind every bead and stitch of embroidery, that there was an intelligent, highly imaginative thought process. McQueens collections were not merely a grouping of dresses, but a narrative. His designs told stories. They weren't always pleasant or pretty ones, but the depth and unpredictability was what distinguished him from many of his peers. Tales can be gruesome or scary, but it's the manner of telling that distinguishes the good from the memorably great. McQueen told his collections with such talent and craft  a master tailor and storyteller.
6/27/09
You are finished!
~ Soccer Balls (deflated - soccer is BIG there & balls are expensive)
Dying Seas
I'm afraid there is not going to be a completely happy resolution for this fiasco.
So many strangers have now become firm friends due to the politicians and soldiers legacy. Bumping into men who  without being asked or seeking recompense  care for his grave, now becomes something of a reunion for Veronique.
The girls and I tried a new cake recipe a few weeks ago for Jeremys birthday.
This has quickly become one of my most perfect and favorite scents to wear. It is the just right fragrance to transition from Winter into Spring and to carry me through till Summer.
I hope to see lots of my blogging buddies over there joining in with the challenges :) We have some great sponsors over there and there is sooo much inspiration from the fab design team.
My wife, thirteen year-old daughter, and sixteen year-old son just got contacts, and between the three of them they have taken possession of the mirror above the sink. My wife has been trying to get the lens out of her left eye for about a half-hour now. She's frustrated and irritated. I thought it would be funny to show her how easily I am able to remove my glasses. I am now bruised.
Whether you need that e-book by your favourite author, computer game off steam or software patch, scheduling your downloads will mean that you wont need to be out of bed or next to your pc throughout the day to get things done.
national geographic 1972
News of the queens sudden disappearance had reached Hannah by way of a silver hummingbird. The messenger had sadly reported that Titrimia had left the eldest of her nine Green Maidens in charge. The temporary regent was Luka-shen, which translated roughly into Frog Girl. Although Hannah had been very fond of the old queen, she did not share the same closeness with Luka-shen. Titrimia had not made Lady MacKennons apprenticeship an easy one. Hannah always suspected that Frog Girls jealousy was the reason for her hardships and nearly impossible tests. Naturally, Luka-shens slick-throated pets bore no love for Hannahs pampered cats.
Students from all areas of study are encouraged to apply to the Comparative History of Ideas fall program in the Philippines and Hawaii. This program will explore the ways that knowledge production in the Philippines and the Filipino diaspora is and has been shaped by colonialism. This will require students to consider both contemporary educational, social and political organizations, but also to reflect on American identities and the idea of American Exceptionalism. The program will begin with a week in Hawaii  a common stopover for flights to the Philippines, and also a historic waypoint for Filipino migration to the United States. Next, students will travel to Manila, where they will reside at University of the Philippines dormitories and learn from local academics and community organizations.
To most men, women remain a mystery. Being either sex poses its unique challenges and there are books with advice. Susanna Foth Aughtmon has written I Blame Eve: Freedom from Perfectionism, Control Issues, and the Tendency to Listen to Talking Snakes ($12.99, Revell, softcover), a humorous and encouraging book that explores our deep need to be in control. It blends Scripture (Revell is a Christian publishing house) with insight and the view that there is a unique path laid out for each of us. In contrast, Orna Gadish addresses the fact that 47% of young adults have never been married, 51% are living without a spouse, and choosing to be single is now a worldwide phenomenon. Dont Say I Do! Why Women Should Stay Single ($14.95, New Horizon Press, softcover) officially due off the press in July. Our society has afforded women the freedom to hold jobs that give them a freedom that did not exist for earlier generations. The author focuses on the inadequacies and dissatisfaction with traditional marriage encouraging women to think for themselves and stay single. Clearly this is transforming the male-female relationship that has been the keystone for society and has significant implications for the future. I am old fashioned enough to think that marriage has worked well enough for generations and single women raising children have a raft of problems that need to be addressed. Some women, however, will find comfort in this book.
He had a red plastic cup of something
Sufficient to resolve
A gray Friday afternoontoo chilly for May it seems, & the afternoon has opened up to a real driving rainnot the persistent drizzle for which Portland is known. The cool air takes my breath away as I hustle between buildings at OHSU, trying to avoid the downpour & get under cover after my weekly appointment; meanwhile, planning my route home, hoping to avoid this soaking rain as much as possible.
10. When you have sinfully acted towards your spouse confess to one another; and ask for forgiveness of each other, and join in prayer to God for pardon; and this will act as a preventative in you the next time: you will surely be ashamed to do that which you have confessed and asked forgiveness for of God and man.(25)
Not only were TSO writing new Christmas songs, they were reimagining old ones for instrumental pieces.
6:20: He calls it the enthusiasm cycle, I call it anabolic steroid addiction.
Hooray! WooHOO! And Hallelujah!!
And that is because of one secret ingredient.
Theres been only one visible Fast and Furious resignation: U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke in Phoenix, who quietly stepped down on Tuesday. One of his last acts? Opposing the request of murdered Border Patrol Agent Brian Terrys family to qualify as crime victims in a court case against the thug who bought the Fast and Furious guns used in Terrys murder.
In the screaming light of Resurrection!
Of course, critics of culture have been hating (and loving) ever since there has been a culture to hate. This is an extract from Steven Sondheims new book, in which he writes about how he deals (or doesnt deal) with critics:
Temperature: 1.6 degrees
A delicacy from Lombok, the touching island east of Bali. Existing is fictional from a mixture of minced meat ( beef, chicken, or fish ), shredded coconut meat, and spices. The concoction therefrom being wrapped around a point and grilled over slate.
And if he killed me,
The easiest and best way to get stains out of your diapers is to lay them in the sun when wet/damp. The sun is a natural bleach, and it is harmless to your diapers. Just place the interior, or stained side of your diapers facing the sunlight. This is also an economical way to dry your diapers, as it saves money on the electricity required to run your dryer.
THE GOOD THINGS
The nations entry into World War II brought an end to all WPA projects, and the Historical Commission shifted its collecting focus to that of gathering and compiling records and papers to document the states role in the war.
In January I asked his Neurologist about new treatments? Nothing was new. I asked What do we do when the pain is so bad he cannot take it? The reply Call and I will get you set up with a nerve block.
We could chase away all of our cares!
Along the way, Righetti has also appeared in numerous horror films. Her first film role was in the low-budget chiller "Angel Blade" (2002), but her successful television carer led her to starring roles in "Return to House on Haunted Hill" (2007) and the 2009 remake of "Friday the 13th" and the recently released "Shadow of Fear".
but enough about why i haven't been blogging! here's some miscellaneous flotsam and yes, more baby pictures and at the very end....a surprise!
But before the worlds water problem, I had my own water problem. Since piped water in the place I live here in Tacloban runs only for few hours (mostly night time to dawn), I would need a pail or two and go to nearby public artisan well to clean my body.
Brad sees Max and immediately gets a gigantic boner. He can't stop talking about how luscious Max is, and Jill is getting embarrassed, but she's not embarrassed enough to stop herself from asking Kelly and Max, "are we friends, or friends with benefits?" Ooooooh, yeah! Team Jill! Skull and Crossbones! Kelly avoids answering but HELLO, Jill, they are totally effing.
What do you think about Facebook's IPO? Are you a Sketchers fan? In my book I say, "Never trust a female gynecologist with a mustache." That's good advice, right?
* You are more afraid of the living than you are the dead.
if you leave on thursday, take all of your belongings because you will not come back here.
What I will say is that We Bought a Zoo has to be the worst case of botched directing Ive seen in a long time. The actors were good enough to rise above a wretched script, but apparently the director wasnt.
Thanks for all your participation and comments! I love you guys.
One thing that I have learned about blogging, is that the world opens up and you make friends with people in different parts of the country and in the world. The world of blogging reduces the world to a small intimate circle. Blogging, I have made friends that I might have never known in my lifetime. What I have found about blogging is that I have received so much more than I have ever given.
I give them a bit two thumbs up!
Finally, I am sorry for all my minority brothers and sisters. If only we had been warned in 1994 that the rainbow nation would turn into the quagmire of hate and failure it has become. We could all have made our escape then, and watched the implosion from afar.
Virginia  Local blogger and hateful religious zealot out to rid the world of free will, particularly women of the governance of themselves, believes everything reads. This has made him an easy convert to Christianity. And a shoe-in for extreme fundamentalism, since other branches of the religion allow, and sometimes even encourage, the use of ones own mind. Judging from his abortion-themed blog, Pete X has mainly read flyers passed out by other closed-minded hateful people in favor of making sure every pregnancy comes to term.
SCC: In 35 chapters you have only 8 chapter head quotes, ranging from Peter Sansom through Brecht and Weills Threepenny Opera to Emma Goldman. Are you a serendipitous finder of the right quote at the right moment, or is it something you research and think about very carefully?
Paso Doble is a rather easy dance, once one understands how to perform it. You must dance on angles, in diagonal lines, and with a wide silhouette. I dont think Sugar Ray did any of those things. His posture, as well, was unacceptable for Paso. Although his posture has improved since the beginning of the competition, Paso requires you to carry your centre of gravity in the upper sternum; as a result, the hips should be carried forward, though the front should never be collapsed. I saw no difference in Sugar Rays posture from last week to this week.
I know it to be fact.
Above all else, it is down to the PT to make training FUN  it should be an enjoyable experience not a trial whereby you feel you are being judged and found wanting. I am not saying all PTs do this and without doubt there are far too few out there that do but it should be the aspiration. Personal Trainers have the knowledge and the ability to help people change their lives and..with great power comes great responsibility!!!!!!!
Lets look at the word with the last letter separated from the rest of the word by a hyphen:
The second card I designed is for Case Study, CSC85, which is featuring a card by Laurie Schmidlin as the inspirational piece. The antique typewriter in the card is what made me think of the steampunk book. I was also inspired to create my own corsage/boutonniere to feature in my card. I'm also entering this card in the Stampendous challenge, which is asking you to "Recycle, Re-purpose, Reuse" in celebration of Earth Day. I made the background for another card a couple of years ago, but didn't like it, so I saved it in my scrap pile. I stained and distressed it yesterday to use for this card. I also used vintage buttons that my wife's grandmother used to safe from old clothes.
So here's my thoughts, in a Pro/Con format.
I'd like to say that I'm wrong in my outlook, but I don't think I am. I am willing to stand corrected, but the WotC Creative Team will literally have to pull a white rabbit out of Pinto's Conical Cap - and I just don't see it happening.
I have two children, two children, who are both delayed. Nether of them can form words to communicate at the level of their peers. Both learned to walk later than their peers. There is all kinds of things they cant do. They are delayed. That does not make them stupid or dumb. They are extremely intelligent. To me intelligence is light. And they both are full of light.
They are at their house too......
let me be yours.
The first time I saw it, it featured the following priceless dialogue.
Daddy and I could have never imagined the joy you would bring into our lives. And we would have never believed that at age 8 you would be in the middle of a fundraising goal to help people you might never meet. Its thrilling to see your relationship with God grow, and a blessing to be able to see Him challenge you through this. We love you.
I swear they multiply. Go after them. Get yourself down to  say  no more than two adverbs to a page and an exclamation mark only once every three pages. Leave it a few days, go back, and youll find more.
enter and behold
even knowing: this large flock of Robins singing
An M4 relief road was considered in the 1990s and in the late 2000s during the period of the One Wales Government (2007  2011) but it was finally dropped because of excessive cost. What followed was a systematic programme of enhancing the existing motorway, with improvements to the carriageway and the introduction of variable speed limits.
We do not presume to come to this thy Holy Table, O merciful Lord, trusting in our own righteousness, but in thy manifold and great mercies. We are not worthy so much as to gather up the crumbs under thy table: but thou art the same Lord, whose property is always to have mercy. Grant us therefore, gracious Lord, so to eat the flesh of thy dear Son Jesus Christ, and to drink his blood, that our sinful bodies may be made clean by his most sacred body, and our souls washed through his most precious blood, and that we may evermore dwell in him and he in us.
Please stop by this Sunday to see what other items I have made to go with my Snowman Soup project!!!
My word of the year suffered last month. I find that the harder I try to change certain things I know need to be changed, the harder it is to do so. I've been letting certain people, mainly family members, get under my skin. I've had less than loving thoughts and feelings towards them. None of which are justifiable. It's just been.......hard!
Hope you all have a really lovely evening.
sheds or homes or barns in a previous life.
in this cold heartless place?
Today she needed someone to pick up two kids that had just moved into the complex this past week....so I picked them up. As I was driving to church I was trying to talk with the new kids...asking how they liked their new apartment...tried to tell them that they would like their new school, what grade my daughter was in....and I said something about their parents and the little eight year old boy said something that pierced my heart.....
David: I don't know any of those bands except Syd Barrett that I listened to maybe twiceI wasn't that into himI might listen to it again if an LP was lying around the studioI listed a bunch of influences above& they were really LIVE stuff influenceswatching D. Boon (minutemen) sing & jump up & downjust watching people playin real timelikeshithow do they play & sing at the same timeon record I listened to DESIRE by Bobby D a thousand times& slow train coming& Peter Tosh & Richard & Linda Thompson & rolling stonesArt Ensemble of Chicago & Cecil Taylormonk, mingus & the Clash- tons of Glenn Gould bach piano solo stuff- & now I'm listening to the bach cello stuff & a little beethoven violin/piano sonatasI listened to ziggy stardust (bowie) a bunch before making the last CD hoping that would leak in a bit
The Electrick Floorbanger from Monstrous Regiment by Terry Pratchett
I looked up and she took a moment before she said, "oh, you're taking pictures?"
Browns mother, a survivor of domestic abuse herself, has stood firmly by his side since he pled guilty to felony assault charges against Rihanna in 2009.
All three books. Once you get to the end of the first one, you will want to read the rest.
There are always long queues at our local pharmacy... much chat goes on about what is new, what works and how. Body products are big business in France and there are plenty of 'flavoursome' tonics, pills and gels that promise the world... well, at least a newer slimmer, less ragged you...There are always promotions which need to be shared... the buy-this-and-get-the-other-one-free kind of deals that we expect in a department store not the family run pharmacy... and then there are the freebies, chantillons, with every purchase... I can't remember a visit to the pharmacy when I haven't come away with a bag full of product samples... and I have lost count of the beach bags and umbrellas that have come home after a stock up. They even call up from time to time and offer a free beauty treatment or a maquillage...This generosity is only one of the reasons the French pharmacy is on my 'go to' list when in France...
DT: A plain straw hat is fine by me. They never seem to last though. I've had my current one for a couple of years now, which has to be a record.
oh, the embarrassment of having to ask for some money for food
Have piece of my art displayed somewhere
Which is be a sweet little year 1 girl. It was such a lovely day but something I totally underestimated was just how exhausted I'd be. Lugging around Elodie all day did not help and girlfriend is not getting any lighter. I haven't been this tired in a long time.
10/20 - Albany, NY - Northern Lights
you used to ignore the days when it rained
The synopsis is a little misleading. Everything mentioned in it does take place, yes, but the action is really kick-started by the murder of this same friends husband, which precipitates the kidnapping of her child much later on in the story.
I guess Im troo wid baseball.
I'm writing this seething stuck in my seat back from LA. Holding for a landing spot for 15mins.
Once the morning began in earnest, it was gone in an instant, and we all managed to arrive at our picnic location in one piece with little fuss and bother. I cannot say I am too innocent in regards to fuss and bother; I of course, had a moment of nothing being fit to wear in my entire wardrobe. Is that not always the way with us as women?
As the concert ended, I couldn't stop feeling excited - the pride and meanwhile the passion Mehta turned to the audience was not to overlook. An impressive evening.
The cage
This message though  it was a wake up call. Let me explain.
Among these dark Satanic Mills?
but cutting deeper.
I also believe in the allure of a woman. This is something that our younger ladies are not being taught. It is not dragging your feet around in flip flops or wearing revealing clothes. It is looking in the mirror and liking what you see. It is holding a little something back from the male persuasion. It is eye contact and not letting them see your fear. It is being able to say no to that fashion faux pair. ( I have never been one that believes knitwear makes a women look great). It is creating your own sense of style and developing a wardrobe over the years to show that.
1/3 cube butter
There is a room in my house, as I assume there is in many of your houses, that has become "The Slash Room." In this case, it is the guest/closet/junk/spare/hobby room. It is a room that seems to draw all the extra crap that doesn't have a place. It is the room where out-of-towners too cheap to spring for a hotel sleep. It also is where childish things get banished, things like say, baseball cards. This is where I spend a great deal of my spare time, in this spare room. My mission? To whittle down all my excess cardboard into a manageable and enjoyable collection. The "small collection" idea has been a work in progress 2+ years running. Once you could barely walk into this room without nearly killing yourself on a crate full of 800-count boxes, now there has been a lot of headway made.
This proved a worthwhile activity - not for the storage aspect but for the BARGAINS I found.
Forty two per cent reported that their first sexual intercourse before age 18 that was not completely wanted.
Things are definitely in the home stretch with this pregnancy. Today I hit the 34 week mark. Yeap, horrifyingly close.
I have been watching their watching.
I should also confess that my boss found 20p on the ground on the way to Tesco, gave it to me and I spent it on two Freddos. They were heavenly.
God speaks through other people, maybe God speaks through you. Maybe God speaks through Beezus. Maybe God was speaking through the people who have told me that I am a horrible person. Or the ones that insinuate that grief is something different than love.
Maybe, just maybe, I felt like that girl. Not thinking that anything bad could happen to me. To my children. It reminded me of my boys, so handsome, so brave. Fearless. Or, I feel as though I am stuck in that cage. Life keeps roaring around me. No matter what. Loss....... Life keeps going. A little boy missing out of the pictures that capture my boys. Loss....... Life keeps going. No matter what.
I typed in the code and ended up getting this 1955 Ted Kazanski. I could not be happier with this card (well I could because I hate the Phillies) but it is now my oldest card in my collection. I have many cards from the 60's through now but did not have any prior to 1960.
Cleanse the area with incense or sage. I create sacred space by simply grounding and centering and visualizing an area around myself filled with energy, closed to random or chaotic spirits and open only to those I invite.
Some people are going to say that the true problem is that credit is tightening up to the point where its going to destroy the economy. While there is some veracity to that argument, dont you think thats masking another problem, that perhaps credit has been a little too easy? If you want to look for predatory lenders, how about credit card companies? Why have they been allowed to get away with the interest rates and practices that they have been utilizing for over 20 years?
From the First World War onwards, the demand for timber resulted in the planting of fast growing non-native conifers  Sitka spruce and Douglas fir amongst others. Harvesting and extraction of such timber continues today, but, recognising the diminished conservation value of such habitat, the Forestry Commission is working on restoring native woodland by replanting broadleaves.
Hi Inkers! This week we have a ripper of a theme ... hehe pun intended.
And its a shame how vehemently some sports writers attacked Paterno for this because Jerry Sandusky is alledgedly the real culprit here. There is no doubt about that. Sandusky is the villain in this case as he alledgedly terrorized, abused and raped at least eight young boys causing irreparable harm on their lives forever.
But 25-year-old Bolt has come in for criticism from fellow black Jamaicans unhappy that he has chosen a white partner.
Man, youve got yourself spooked. Get your head straight!
Perhaps I just need to take things slower with her - do more hacking and only (eventually) ask for more collection in short spells. I don't know. I guess first of all, I have to concentrate on keeping her sound as she comes back into work. The vet will come out again in eight weeks to have another look. I will build up her exercise, keep up the physio and the yoga and see how we get on.
I thought that this quote was just PERFECT, so I made it into a WordArt for you all! Hope you like it :) Click on the links below to go to my accounts to download the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work. thanks!
Buy a coffee/cappuccino machine and make it at home rather than purchasing it on the way to work/school/etc.
1. Combine ingredients thoroughly.
Support has bled from these two centrist parties, and instead flowed to an increasing number of splinter groups  including the right-leaning Independent Greeks, left-leaning Democratic Left and the neo-Nazi Golden Dawn.
01 - Alaska
With schemes like CAMRA's LocAle in place, a reduction in "food miles" combined with the provenance of local produce very much in favour at present, it seems more vital than ever that our local breweries be able to sell their products into a market place that is close to home, rather than have to ship them miles outside the area. However, as pubs continue to close and more and more "free-trade" outlets are either bought up, or become tied up through loan agreements, it will become increasingly difficult for our micro's to find suitable outlets for their beers. I hope I am wrong, but I do fear for the long term future of some of them.
Its good for all the others business because all the custom goes to the surrounding onesthey all came that day.
Of Lombard towns, or at the least compard with the best. The meter and syntax may sound awkward to us today, but educated poets were trained in Latin, the model for all great poetry it was thought, and Latin, especially Latin poetry, allows just about any word order, while the meter was the standard choice for long story in verse. And long indeed it was, for by the time he finished, and got his friend to write an introduction, it was well over 30,000 words.
- I LOVE yogurt and it is a favorite snack for both of us. My colleague at my last job MADE his own yogurt and brought some in (yum). Here is a tutorial for how you can make your own yogurt.
He also said that the urgency of the situation is underscored by the ongoing seismic activity around northeast Japan, in which 13 earthquakes of magnitude 4.0 to 5.7 have occurred off the northeast coast of Honshu between April 14 and April 17.
The conclusion must be that elephants are interested in the sick, dying or dead elephants irrespective of genetic relationship, he said. There seems to be a generalized response to elephants in distress, rather than help or interest only being restricted to close kin.
Re-posting this from my college batch mates:
Toadies
What did you think of tonights episode? Post your TwoCents below!
Deadline: Wed 2/22/12 9PM EST(Author's note: Yeah, it's way over the word limit.)
Jayne Lewis from Mountain Goat shared her Rare Breed IPA after Kirrily had regaled us with tales of the original voyages to the Jewel in the Imperial Crown that first brought us this hoppy style. By now the audience was well refreshed and each brewer and her beer were welcomed warmly to the microphone. But the love for the Goat IPA was soon to be eclipsed by the Rock Star welcome reserved for Melbourne brewing identity and all-round-nice-girl, True Souths Sam Fuss.
Meanwhile Mr. Stomach is growing hoarse and finally just flops over on his tattered sofa under the chute that always spews a putrid ooze. And hes so far away and so far on the bottom floor that Lord Brain doesnt hear him until its too late. The basement is trashed, rotten garbage is trickling though the doorways, and he is completely pushed past his capacity.
Empires of Industry: Brewed in America. There is good and bad in this one. It traces of the history or beer to what it has become today. The bad it that it became Anheuser Busch. It was informative and enjoyable. However, it was a reminder of what beer has become in America. Decide for yourself. Grade - 3 Burps.
Campus leftists who said that our analysis of the mortgage collapse was just partisan rhetoric can stick this in your pipe and smoke it. Our analysis has been confirmed by sources from the left and right, as well as financial publications such as the Wall Street Journal, Investors Business Daily, Forbes etc. While the New York Times took a different view during the campaign season to help the Democrats, outside of the campaign season the NYT has done some top rate analysis on this issue which they deserve credit for. We told you in our analysis that the New York Times predicted in 1999 that this collapse could happen and published the Republican attempts to fix the problem since 2001.
To all of us who stood on line on this date to see the premier of the latest Star Wars film, we remember. Star Wars opened and play at the Cinerama for a year in Honolulu when I was in high school (and it turns out a certain President of the United States was also known to head down to the Cinerama to see Star Wars that year in Waikiki). Hawaii is a great place to grow up, but on cloudy days there is only so much one can do - go hang out at Ala Moana Shopping Center or go see Star Wars at the Cinerama.
As an aspiring filmmaker, this struck a chord with me. I had never thought of journalism as a cinematic experience but with the growth of multimedia journalism, it really is possible. Up until this moment, I had never thought I could do what I love through journalism; Mark Stencel had just changed my mind. I have now been playing with the idea of a career in digital media. The Savelkoul video was moving and thats what Ive always wanted to do. I want to reach people and make them feel something. Im so happy to have had this realization as a junior because now I still have some time to explore an internship in digital media and can expand my prospects when looking for a job in he coming months!
Many states that adopted the TNR method in the 90s have already seen a decrease in their stray and feral cat population, Williams said.
I invite you to take a look at the new site. If you have tried PE before when it was a Yahoo group, then do yourself a favor and try out the new site - I think you will be surprised!
8.) Kevin Watson - Also a big help with Wesleyan discipleship. Like Steve above, Kevin has a great book on the subject.
Give us dirty laundry!
Its true. Ive been writing up synopses of movies, novels, non-fiction, and short stories for, oh, twelve years now. How many have I published? Zero! How many have I even sent out? Zero! How many have I actually come anywhere near to finishing? Zero! How many have I made significant progress on? Well, one. So yay! Still, its not a pretty picture.
I guess I can add it to the very small pile
- Knickerbockers were full breeches which gathered and banded just below the knee.
You might notice I've evenly mixed my tangerine squares while my neutrals are still in their individual colour stacks (just lumped on top of each other). This way my tangerine fabrics will be evenly distributed among the neutrals in my HST units. (I didn't want all of one orange fabric ending up sewn to the one neutral.) Then I could just grab from the top of each stack without thinking about it.
I have been busy this week canning green beans, and making salsa. Organizing my home, and teaching my children. I want my simpler life back :) My year will consist of caring for my family and my home, and growing closer to my Heavenly Father. You know, focusing on what TRULY matters :)
The Republican governor said signed the bill a day earlier, ending a multi-year effort to change state law. Lawmakers had passed repeals of the mandatory motorcycle helmet law before, but the measures were vetoed twice by then-Gov. Jennifer Granholm.
I took these photos yesterday of Miss Pearl and some sunflowers.
I'm not sure if I've got the emotional maturity of someone great or someone quite childish. If ever Mr. Marshall popped round again, I'd drop my Vampire opera instantly.
I just sewed the blanket right sides together leaving a 6 inch opening for turning it right side in. Then, zig zagged stitched all the way around the perimeter.The gift for the baby boy was a set of four bibs using two different rocket ship fabrics, flannel and terry cloth. I used the bib pattern found here at juicy bits blog. I use industrial snaps at the top instead of Velcro because I like the look of the big shiny round snaps on something so delicate!
The wedding will be one of the biggest celebrations for the people of the UK for a long time to come, and it is no wonder that everyone there is getting excited about it!
It is wise for any traveler to be well verse in the wide range of words and phrases if one is not they run the risk of looking like a tosser = wanker = idiot.
Secondly, Asian women get higher education and become more independent. Though many Asian countries are still developing, the living situation and the civilization are increasing. Most of the women in Thailand and Vietnam are undergraduates, and some are even masters. These well- educated women have a strong sense of independence. They play an important role in the companies as well as men, act good at socialization and live a pretty cozy life by her own income. They seem to have everything. But they are women, they need love and respect, which quite a few men of the their country dont know how to show, thats another reason for why Asian women tend to marry foreigners.
*considering applying for adjunct art positions at local universities
4. Fruit & Flowers: Take a typical bouquet to the next level by filling the glass vase with something unexpected, like sliced citrus fruits, berries or even jelly beans. Be sure to choose ingredients that play well with your flowers, like tangerine slices with hot pink peonies.
with uncertain results
I have been challenged, prayer must be a personal priority.
On the track, he is moored.
The envy I envisioned on my female classmates' faces was always priceless.
Who shut that animal in that cage? Let it out. Have you seen its face behind the bars? There's a poor animal with blood on its head and tears running down its face. Who did that to it? Is it a bird or a horse? Its lying in the dust and its wings are broken. Who broke its wings? Who cut off its hands so that it can't shake the bars? Its pressing its snout in the glass. Who shut that animal in a glass cage? Oh, God! There's no pity in this world.
Isnt that silly? So many people think that way. Its like getting a divorce. The problem is you still have a common denominator, and is it you. We take ourselves with us. But Patrick and I felt God was telling us to leave elem3nt and serve somewhere else.
That's a good thing too. In an ever-evolving field, who wants to be tied to one term?
Then she meets Lucas. He's not the "Evernight type" either, and he likes it that way. Lucas ignores the rules, stands up to the snobs, and warns Bianca to be carefuleven when it comes to caring about him.
I was listening on iTunes to the Flylady Pamper show from 7/28/2011 and they said their regular weekly show will be back on starting 8/18/2011!!! I'm so excited. I've missed her show so much!!! I really do need it to keep my motivation going.
Just as an example, imagine you are up to your ears in debt and you want to make more debt you cant pay, which seems to be what Barack Obama does best. Okay, so you decide to loan yourself some money so you can spend it. But you dont have any money to loan yourself because you are broke as a skunk. So you print up the money in your basement. Seems like a good idea right? Until you get caught.
The language is a problem most of the times, but with a little patience and a little luck, you can manage to find your way around. If you ask a local what time it is or how far a place is, your question is highly likely to be reciprocated by a giant smile and the words Yes yes yes. How do I get there? Yes yes yes. At which point you try your luck with the next person, with a giant smile.
Who doesn't love a scone with jam and clotted cream? So good! My favorite go to recipe for sweet scones is Barefoot Contessa's Cranberry Orange Scones. I'll have to take a picture of those next time I make them, they are so delicious.
The very first sentence was;
In a pen of their choosing.
What's on your must have list?
Judith sent plum (made with fruit her brother grew) and candied jalepenoes
They were all the rage before the Second World War, revived in the rubble of post-war by Christian Dior with his peerless Bar jacket (Have you heard about the New Look? wrote Nancy Mitford in one of her frequent fashion-obsessed asides. You pad your hips and squeeze your wait it creates a class feeling in a way no sables could) and were huge just before the crash of 1988. Judy McCoy, wife of Sherman McCoy in Bonfire of the Vanities, Tom Wolfes satire on slime-bag politicos and greedy bankers (so absolutely no resonance with now) was very keen on peplums, as were all those real life social x-rays such as Ivana and Blaine Trump and Nan Kempner. Perhaps in turbulent times we reach for hourglass images of womankind.
Ill try a few more tonight and hack away at more of this giant pie. Suffice to say all the beer goes very nice with game pie, as I suspect most things would. Time to open the Christmas quality street.
This changes all the time. I'm an avid reader. Some of my favorite authors though are James Patterson, Charlaine Harris and Agatha Christie (I am a huge Poirot fan!). Come to think of it, all of those people are mystery writers...I sense a trend. ;)
Being centrally located in The Sea of Abaco, just 5 minutes from Marsh Harbour and Hope Town, day trips are a breeze for both owners and guests.
Now lets look at some of the proportional other states that arent winner take all. Now we all know that Romney does well in New England and the North East. So Rhode Island (19), Connecticut (28) and New York (95), a total of 142 delegates, it would be safe to say that Romney will take half of those delegates (71) bringing the total to 838.
I received an email this week from a lovely reader Rebecca asking me to share our nightly routine. And in a word I'll say - early. We do everything early here. As soon as we are home from school the kids are outside riding their bikes and playing. I start dinner around 4 and we always sit down to eat before 5. It's just me and the kids and everyone is always hungry so it works for us. Plus by the time we eat dinner and some dessert and I tidy up it seems like we've been sitting forever. If we have an activity on then we eat a bit later and tend to have leftovers or something super easy.
A fundamental part of being human involves maintaining harmony with nature. Disharmony occurs as a result of being out of touch with nature, including the nature of who it is that we essentially are. Emotional imbalance, illness and various other conditions serve as reflectors (or reminders) that this connection has to some extent been compromised.
Air Force One landed at the Bagram base just north of Kabul and Obama was then flown by helicopter to President Hamid Karzais palace in the Afghan capital where the two leaders signed the partnership pact.
Okay, Dr. Borden, if you say so.
And then it hit me. He WANTS to read. So I've been trying to help him a bit every single evening, as we sit up on his bed exploring his books. But it's been the working with one series that has made him super excited and that is Brand New Readers. (I wrote a blog post about them on my very very neglected books blog; you can check out the post here.) Through these books, he has become a super motivated reader, trying to sound out words, still relying on tons of support from me to get through the words, but he's loving it. And because the end goal is NOT for him to read right now (sometime before Kindergarten would be nice), it's just sweet times with him and me, enjoying the funny pictures and trying to sound out words together. As he curls up against me, enjoying the books, excited about figuring out a few words here and there, he's absolutely gleeful. And I'm absolutely loving this sweet sweet time with my boy, before he kicks me out of bed so that he can read on his own. (Admittedly, a part of me is actually looking FORWARD to that day as well.)
did get to see it though!
As it turns out I learned less about technique than about attitude, which is far more valuable.
So, why not return to an earlier edition of the game? There's certainly enough retroclones out there, and a variety of other RPGs for the fantasy genre. While I could do so, I am a hopeless tinkerer, constantly test-driving new house rules and options, never satisfied with an RPG out of the box. Moreover, there are ideas involved in many different systems that I've loved, and so no one game has every option that I want to play with. So, rather than settle for one game or another, I decided to swipe my favorite bits and create the game that I wanted to play.
just a few pictures of the finished ones i did last night (or i should really say this morning)... lots of new fun papers being used.... these notepads are really tedius work.... the HK's are actually... all are cut with the sizzix dies and YES i do cut out each and every whisker for each and every one that i make... so of course that takes some time... 6 notepads in a day is quite an accomplishment for me.... LOL... the challenge is trying to get different layouts... with the notepad being small and the HK's kinda on the bigger side, it's been hard... guess i could if i didn't use so much DP... hehehe!
Short short post. I'm sorry I've been MIA for the last week. Last Sunday I made the drive from Colorado to Idaho and have since been bouncing from relative to relative's house trying not to wear out my welcome while frantically searching for a place for my little family to lay their heads permanently (or at least a year). And success! But now comes the unpacking. UGH! Hopefully I'll be back next week so I can flit from blog to blog like a butterfly and sip the nectar of your words (how was that for a sappy and over the top simile?), but seriously I can't wait for things to settle down so I can see what all of you have been up to while I've been moving.
This is a great beginning, a good preparation and transition to Shabda Meditation. I am giving out this to all who come in contact with me, recommending it as a great way to begin meditating right now. NOTE: Meditation practice accompanies a life of Ahimsa: non-violence in thought, word, and deed. Be peaceful on the outside as well as within. When you learn the methods for inner meditation, you should practice diligently. Moral rectitude is also very essential in this pursuit.  (Sant Sevi Ji Paramahans Maharaj)
The focus isn't on how well my meal turned out,
The butter oil curds are then melted in large open pots over slow fires. A period of slow boiling will remove any remaining water, by evaporation.
Momma won't be missing another weekend of sales, will you??
Tell us a little about yourself. Like a lot of independently published authors, I am assuming writing is not yet a full time career. How do you pay the bills in between writing projects?
I have devoted some attention to three relatively recent American Republican leaders (Goldwater, Reagan and G.W. Bush) but have so far alluded only in passing to the most electorally successful recent British Conservative leader -- Margaret Thatcher. I think however that anything I could say about her would be superfluous. No-one with the slightest interest in politics can be unaware of what The Iron Lady stood for. While conservatives often talk about rolling back the State and unleashing private enterprise, Margaret Thatcher actually did it on a large and epoch-making scale. She removed great swathes of British life from out of government control and put them into the hands of the private sector -- and in so doing set an example that was gradually emulated worldwide -- from Poland, through Russia to China and many points in between. I will therefore take her position in the mainstream of conservative thought as read and will look elsewhere for an indication of where British Conservative thinking stands in the 21st century.
I will post pictures of some of the lovely creations later on after I have given them, don't you worry...and I will even include a tutorial!
#55. the real housewives of orange county (for paving the way and making it possible for new jersey to ever have happened.. although, i still love the drama, OC- but jersey is where its at...)
So here is a little bit of my personal life on here. About a month ago I added a new member to the just me family, her name is Milly and she is the cutest little Boston Terrier EVER! And yea, yea, I know everyone says that their pet is the cutest ever but she really is the cutest pet ever.
You are all the best
"Lionheart" (both released in 1978), found a place right next
Yesterday I was telling our new intern Carlos a story from last summer. I had just box squatted 315 for 5 reps, which was a PR for me at the time. I came back to squat the next week and got absolutely buried by a weight much lighter than that and couldnt figure out why. The reason is because I never gave my body a chance to catch up to the new training stimulus it was exposed to.
Jesus then said IN A BIG AND POWERFUL AND LOUD WAY!,..(actual phrase is, He cried with a loud voice!!!) LAZARUS, COME FORTH!!!,correct?
I was on a track to be the big artist! I took a private class from the chairmen of the department. He had been the president of Kansas City Art Institute. He had me on a plan to go to France, and hang out in galleries and museums locally, draw everyday..a whole program for fame. He gave the seniors their own studio's..it was a high and heady time. I had a big station wagon to carry my 5 by 4 foot paintings...
There is something a bit sad about knowing that things are changing again, but there is also the anticipation of knowing that summer will come back again next year. Although next year I think that I will go on holiday abroad to get some properly hot sunshiny weather as I dont think that I could cope with another wet summer!
With the fresh ground turkey in a large bowl, add a well-mixed egg from the small bowl that has been mixed with the fork or whisk.
The deer continue to greet Big B and I every morning. A new development is that some of them are now coming back for lunch. They like to see what sort of leftovers the Rugrats will throw their way.
I speak on behalf of my organization and the organizations that create an environment where members never feel uncomfortable. I can say that hazing has never and will never happen in my fraternity for as long as I am around. I would never go through such tasks to become part of a brotherhood where drinking vomit and drinking until I die is the tradition. How does that make me bond or how does that create a life-long relationship with anyone?
Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian
Did you try or buy any of the vintage thermal knit tops this season from J.Crew?
Heres my first slide:
8/10- Brilliant, couldnt put it down
As Nakurtum drones on an odd thing happens: her voice slowly fades and Ahikibani becomes dizzy, and... a bit numb. The endless pain of a perpetually hard life suddenly vanishes and Ahikibani experiences, perhaps for the first time - unadulterated joy. The first happy man in history slurps more of the now tasty gruel from the bowl and lets out a burp that resonates down through history.
Be democratic.
From the bottom of my heart, from the depth of my soul, thank you. Thank you for the comments, the emails, sharing your stories. Thank you for the encouragement, the advice, and the friendship. It feels so amazing to be understood, to have no judgement, and to finally be free from feeling pressed in on all sides. I took some advice, and talked to a couple of really close, non-judgemental friends. I am feeling a lot better most of the time, and plan to just get back on track emotionally. Hubs is doing really good, what a relief! We sent out a box of his favorite sweets yesterday, and some cards and gifts. I'm really excited for him to open them. Thank you ladies again for being such amazing rocks! Your thoughts and your prayers really do lift people up. Thank you!
LleMoyne turned and gave me a look. Hes going to be a tough nut to crack.
And at last I like what I see.
And that was the last of exciting news in my Luxebox.
Anyway, Im so glad to know that Im not completely losing my mind  at least not yet!
There upon his lap,
I am completely pessimistic about New Zealands future prospects. Forget about becoming the Mexico of Australia, New Zealand is on track to become the Greece of the South Pacific.
43. Hokey Wolf
but what else is in it?
"My book is edgy in terms of drug use, and language, and sexual content, and I think it really kind of pushes what can be done in young adult fiction," Thomas says. "I was really considering trying to market the novel as adult fiction."
That was enough for me. I took hold of Jane's arm and gave a firm tug. "Let's go." But I know my wife, and I ought to have known better than that. Eyes still fixed on the first three steps leading up to the attic, head cocked sideways in an almost comical manner straining to hear, she whispered: "It sounds like there's someone up there." Now, I don't know about most people, but I don't do well with declarations such as those, under circumstances such as these. Anything bearing an even remote similarity to the typical fright-fest dialogue of "They're coming to get you" or (heaven forbid) "They're here" and I'm a running fool with feet flying out ahead of me like a leaper over hot coals. But I suppose that I would willingly trade bearing sole witness to any of those proclamations in exchange for what we heard next, which is something that my rational mind still grapples with, something that if I live to be 100 I will never, ever forget. The voice was soft, and low, muffled by the rafters and the overhead floorboards that separated us from the attic, and it called the words: "David, is that you?"
Shaq, we know youre reading this. Dont be The Big Ivory Tower. The world wants to know the proper ratio of humor and seriousness that should be utilized when leading things. So release your Capstone Project, and let the Internet be your peer review.
It's just very hard right now. And I have to snuggle a lot with mommy. A LOT.
Some may think he should've held out to the bitter end. He might've gotten far less money in the legal process--and, I'd add, it's hardly comfortable for someone with a wife and child living alone in a building next to a construction site.
Before the English were a force in the new world, the Spanish crown had from the first granted monopolies to their invading Conquistadors in the Americas. The laws forcibly imposed by them, including monopoly grants, were specifically designed to extract all the wealth of the conquered people and the country and to give it to the Spanish overlords. No others could own property, and the products of their labors went mostly to allow the ruling class to live in luxury.
Thats what Ill leave you with. I hope it makes some of you sit up with interest like it does me.
It was so nice to meet many new friends, and and get together with friends made last year. This is Lesley Langdon and I... Love this girl! Amazingly talented... a sweet spirit... and to beat all... she's CANADIAN! :) She was my partner in crime down there... good times! :) Every once in a while you meet someone who just feels like a kindred spirit... nuff said... :)
This on my 'use it up list' as it is just an okay product. I admittedly, bought it because I was intrigued by the scent. Unfortunately the scent is really the only thing it has going for it. This is super light and doesn't really provide much in terms of moisturizing and it contains alcohol (to provide the cooling effect) that said, it does feel nice and smells divine.
What ever your drain problem is, our professional plumber can diagnose the problem and help you decide the best method to choose to fix your drain problem. If you have to replace your pipes or sewer lines, were licensed experienced professionals, We are Plumbing.
Call Center Training
I may have mentioned my fiancee once or twice on the blog, but indeed I am getting married very soon. To celebrate the occasion, my family is joining us in Japan, starting today with my brother and his wife and my mother and her husband. My brother Phil and his wife Julia are staying at my place, and they brought along many fine gifts, including these Oregon beers:
The same women who burned their bras in public as a sign of liberation are now those who dare not speak out against violence to women as brutal as the wearing of veils and female circumcision. This has certainly nothing to do with liberation The shameful attitude of those feminists clearly shows their moral standing.
Our lovely, fruity cake for this weekend is the Apricot and Almond Tart. It came out as the winner of the new voting cycle on our Facebook page. The original recipe calls it a "home-made cake" which I found somewhat boring (all my cakes are home-made) and re-christened it a tart. It is a tart, as it has a crust and a topping and some fruits inside. Not just any fruit - lovely, juicy, fragrant apricots that are in season as we speak! A touch of vanilla, a breeze of cardamom and you have a dream come true!
The problem, however, is that none of us have any control over these burst of alpha waves; they happen when they happen. Is there any way we can harness their power? What can we do to stimulate creativity?
The question floating around inside the heads of all the perverts gathered here this evening is: What in the world is a sophisticated woman like her doing in a place like this? Well, it turns out, Jane likes to tape her sexual encounters using a small cassette recorder for the erotic benefit of her husband (Cosimo Cinieri). In this case, she records herself masturbating while two live sex performers have standard intercourse on a stage. Breathing heavily, Jane, gripping the cassette recorder with one hand, while sheepishly toying with her panitie-covered clit with the other, tries her best to be discreet. When all is said and done, other than exposing part of her trademark black silk stockings, she is able to obtain a well-deserved chichi climax.
Saturday Jordan took our seven roosters to be slaughtered, so they are now snug in the freezer along with Mr. Hog who met his fate a couple of weeks ago. They will be joined by a 1/4 beef later this week! Ahh....lovin' that, but for some reason I am having trouble getting inspired to write a menu for this week.
150 g Rice Krispies
It was a fun night, so needless to say, Saturday morning came quick! After an early birthday party, we decided to spend the afternoon in downtown McKinney. One of the things I love about Texas is all the small towns, and their well-preserved downtown Squares. There's always a gorgeous old courthouse in the middle, and the streets surrounding are lined with unique shops and restaurants.
The blackberry fruit, brambles, flowers and bushes are sth what I really like to watch. In a family garden there is a plant of it and I used to taste it a lot. Thanks to family memories these blackberry's Easter eggs are very sentimental to me. The fruit of it is dark violet colour that sometimes even looks to be black and also it is usually big and full of juice. The juice or the syroup made from it is really healthy and tasty. Last days we have tried a dessert in a local restaurant with it.. and it has become one of our favourites here.
Her mother Katy, a speech pathologist who is married to Michael, another speech pathologist, said that most people don't believe their infant is a reader.
The background is made up with distress inks. Bits of cut n dry foam are used to apply the ink, not too even, so that it gives the appearance of clouds. Splodges are good! The sentiment and other balloons are from Kaisercraft's "Up, Up & Away" stamp set. The sentiment was stamped in black archival ink and heat embossed with clear powder. I still couldn't resist a little Perfect Pearls on the larger of the two stamped balloons!
This is easier than opening a can! He says. This is a recipe that my mom taught me. The name refers to how the biscuits are wide and flat on top perhaps resembling the top of a cats head? Regardless, you will like these biscuits.
Oh, and as an added bonus, here's an updated (and much better) picture of my TH/SS Terminator Marshal. He's been done for a while, but it's one of my favorite conversion pieces.
Single crochet together/decrease (sc2tog)
Are palace communicators (e.g. Edwin Lacierda) biased towards ABS-CBN?
combine in sauce pan and bring to a boil
I'm not even sure what snapped, but I do know a big moment for me was being asked to stand in my friend, Amy's wedding. I was in college, at my heaviest and I of course, said yes. She was my childhood best friend, how could I say no. A few months passed, we had all planned to meet at David's Bridal to pick out our dresses. I immediately looked at the other bridesmaids...yep, I was the biggest. The first dress, strapless, navy blue and actually very pretty. We picked that right away and then it was time for measurements...YIKES. I measured a size 24! WHAT? There's no way I had done that to myself, right? Oh it was true. I had remembered having to have a 8th grade dance dress "made" for myself since I was not the normal-looking 8th grader. But this was worse, WAY worse. So, I felt that fitting and cried the entire way back to college. The entire way.
I felt about the giraffe about the same way I felt about the nice boy -- he was maybe not what I expected to have, but he sweet and cute and oh, would you just look at him!?
These people had no excuse for their isolation. They were not alone in a car. They were not surrounded by walls that created mini world that was cut off from the outside. They were on a train with hundreds of other people, like sardines in a tin can, and yet they were still isolated. Imaginary walls were wrapped tightly around the mind and the heart that created a mini world, the center of which was the individual. Their hopes their struggles, their joys and fears were all bottled up inside and they resisted people like me who tried to penetrate the icy outer layer of the atmosphere of their little world.
As far as food is concerned, he is getting a little more picky. Mainly, he's refusing bread! Any bread- pita, cornbread, sandwich bread, etc. It's okay to boycott bread, I suppose, as it's not full of nutrients he really needs, but it just seems odd to me. I mean really, who doesn't like bread!?
G-God
On the way to the gym I heard this song and I got really amped to work out. It really just makes me wanna dance and twist and shake and shimmy. Please tell me that you clicked on the link. And that as soon as the music played, you started bobbing your head or rocking your shoulders back and forth. Admit it. Because thats what Im doing. RIGHT NOW. Of course Im playing it on repeat until I finish this post.
I realized that I haven't really blogged about Christmas yet so y'all don't know that Santa brought the girls a trip to Disney World! We left last Saturday and got home on Friday. We had a fantastic trip! I'm ready to go back. McKenna brought home a little souvenir that we could have done without though. A stomach bug that started at 1:30am in a hotel in South Carolina. Then Miss Avery got it. Now I have it. Sigh.
VIII. The Blessing of Favor
"George!" she exclaimed, without even pausing to think, and off she went to catch the school bus.
Mom has had a terrible cold for the last three weeks. Actually it was more than a cold, and her doctor was worried that it would settle into her lungs. She is on her second round of antibiotics and hopefully this will knock it out! The sickness hit her really hard, and I think that her immune system still isn't up to par, even though she hasn't had a chemo treatment for a while. She does sound better today than she has all week, her voice isn't as raspy and nasal-ey. Mom pretty much stuck to the indoors and didn't go out much the last two weeks, and I was too afraid to go out and see her and bring more germs as Scotty and Tom both had bad colds the last couple of weeks as well. Fortunately she has great neighbors and friends to look in on her - especially neighbor Mike (right next door) who is a surprisingly good cook and baker.
That's about it for now. I'm sure there is more I'm forgetting about but I'll remember later :)
For 4 servings
Pat and I interviewed Luc today and asked about his love for basketball and other stuff. By the end of the interview, I thought about asking Luc what he remembers most about his wedding. I mean, brides like me tend to worry too much and obsess about the preps but what does the groom remember a few years after the ceremony?
"Back Where You Belong" by 38 Special
Yesterday I wrote about making memories. And that is just what we decided to do last night.
Im pretty sure a few of you thought they are confident women (ignoring the obvious of who they are) It has taken me some time to get round to being able to write this blog. Its a bit like my Boys To Men blog that while the idea is in my head getting it out isnt always as easy.
This diversity and openness to different genres is reflected in Aldrei's line-up. Punk band Moringjarnir perform an adrenaline-fuelled set, which is cut short when the drunk bassist is carried off the stage for exhorting the audience to throw things at him.
When I was in high school, I made this dress as a birthday gift for my mom. That would have been at least 13 years ago. Then a couple of years ago, she offered it back to me as a hand-me-down. I gladly accepted!
It was defeated confused by the Third Doctor by a conundrum:
Sometimes you can tell what the kids did on the weekends . . . And how their parents felt about it.
Lily Bard series by Charlaine Harris--read 3 out of 5 (series finished) A woman survives a brutal attack and moves to a new town to start over.
Its just as icky too.
When we arrived in Cuba, I looked at the landscape. It was beautiful. First, we went to visit their families, they were so friendly. But we could not spend the night with their families, it was forbidden. That surprised me, but unfortunately that was not the only meaningless law in the country. The myth of communism fell when I reached Cuba. In my opinion, if Che Guevara saw Cuba today he would feel disappointed. On the other hand, I must say that people are much happier in Cuba than in Europe. In fact, everything is different.
Michael Cuscuna (no less) wrote these excellent sleeve notes:
There is no record of how the secretary of state or others in the room reacted to the suggestion.
For some reason the Up All Night season has seemed very long to me. The show has had strong individual performances and plenty of laughs, but still doesnt seem very strong to me overall. It isnt cohesive in some ways. The parenting stuff is often the weakest part of the show, which is problem since they marketed it heavily to that audience. I wouldnt be upset if it comes back, but Id rather see Maya Rudolph get her own show.
Very soon I have to start on a quilt for one of our grandsons .. he turns 18 in April .. and then another 3 turn 18 next year .. so I will have to get a start on them too ...
I lash out at my children, the stress of being a single parent to three for days and nights on end are weighing on me. I think of doing for my children as a burden not my job and the boredom of being stuck in the house for days and days is terrible. Even baby K is bored. I am quick tempered and it even scares me.
Might I suggest that our sisterhood resist WARs, declaring our intent for a higher level of understanding and inclusion? Or maybe, we all could do without televisions?
Brads-Stampin' Up, and unknown
Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, spiritual leader of Shas, spoke out as Middle East talks are poised to begin in Washington.
I am without anything.
in the closed forecast any late developments touch this avenue more realistically
The pollywogs down in the pond,
Also, since this area is outside your jurisdiction and judging by Daryls panic to get us here I can only assume a power greater than you commissioner has asked for us. Am I correct?
In Good Health,
around 1980.
Contribution is fundamental to a successful community: the creation of a system that supports and encourages all members to contribute, not just the organizers. Although lurkers may comprise the majority, all have permission to contribute.In your community, you should seek a balance between helping enable the dialog, and guiding it. Too much in one direction and the community degenerates into lawlessness. Too much in the other, and the community becomes just another place for you to push your messages. Remember that you dont need to be involved in every conversation, and you dont need to correct every misconception or misinterpretation yourself. Your community will often take care of that.
"They have given me a Polo as a loan car and have threatened to take it away if I go to the newspapers. Can you please help?"
-The Split Plot Problem, treat FAR separately each side of the split plot. Do not have split zoning districts in areas requiring more comprehensive treatment (e.g. Manama CBD), instead use overlay zoning to control impact on sensitive areas.
Fear not, I will foil their diabolical scheme. Now if I can just get a schizophrenic Frenchman on the Eurostar to translate your gibberish, we'd be in business.
I definitely liked Helen as a character, because she had strength and resilience. She wasn't too whiny or ditzy or unable to live without a guy. Also, I thought that Helen took things pretty well, considering that she has to find out that she's descended from the gods and there's a bunch of crazy demigod descendants out to kill her-- I'm not so sure I'd have been so cool with that!
This qualitative approach adds value to the surveys, evaluations and other quantitative methodologies used in previous studies. African-centred approaches have the strength to give voice and representation to the key people in the research  Africans. Critical thinking and problem-solving are also research strategies which work within the African-centred paradigm and are valuable methodologies for aiding deep-conscious or introspective analysis.
"Bryan came in cleaning kegs, like everybody does, scrubbing kegs, working side by side with Paul, helping out and learning the importance of cleanliness and exact careful brewing techniques," Greg says. "He demonstrated he could do the job when Paul retired."
On top of that my cousin and her husband came to visit Ankara. They were in Germany and decided to pop over. It was a blast. We had foodapalooza, hit up kebab houses, bakeries and cafes. We literally stuffed our faces, and it was great. From Ankara they are touring Istanbul and sound like they are having a great time.
Yes, but I can explain. You see, that nasty postman was here again. He keeps coming into the yard, and spraying that awful pepper spray at us. We were no where near the fence. In fact, Isaac was asleep under the pine tree down back, and I was on the lower porch, surveying my Kingdom. When all of a sudden, for absolutely no reason, that awful man, after putting the mail in the box, which as you know, is up there beside the road. He sneaks down the driveway, and begins spraying that toxic matter into the wind, so it drifts toward me, stinging my eyes, burning my nose, and leaving a disgusting taste in my mouth. Well, I just couldnt take it anymore. I leapt from the porch, raced toward the gate, and just as I was about to jump over it, he turned and ran, an obvious admission of guilt if you ask me. But, wanting to be sure he knew the fence is only here to protect myself, and Isaac, and to deter intruders from trespassing, I lifted the latch on the gate. At which time, he jumped into that silly vehicle he drives, and sped away. It was all really quite comical.
3. Preheat over to 180C. Cut pita bread into little triangles and place into the over for 5mins. Once they are dry and crispy remove and place on a plate.
Price/Value: 23 000 (about $275) for set menu, excluding 10% service charge. For us, we each had sake, wine, and add-on soba course, totalling out to about $32 000 per person. Definitely a special occasion restaurant. 4/5
But, let's be honest, that's the job of youth, and that's really what Nicky Zimmermann was saying. Just the sheer fact of being young - the reality of perfect skin and pursed lips and endless limbs - is enough to render teenage girls with buckets of attitude the coolest kids of the block. They don't have to have a boyfriend with a car, or a skateboard or a packet of gum in their pocket. They can wear whatever they like and with just one wink they capture the attention of everyone in the room. They can even wear pretty-as-you-like florals and flirty dresses and ribbons in their hair. It doesn't matter. As the historic peddlers of beach-ware, now one of the country's most successful ready-to-wear conglomerates (and, in our retail environment, if Zimmermann's isn't a conglomerate, with its multi-store international empire, then what is?), Zimmermann has always known this. For years they have spun stories out of broderie anglaise and lace and sheer silk-chiffon and all of that good, pretty, smile-at-me stuff you want to wear to the beach. It's just that normally it all works best with tousled honey-hued locks and golden tans and a mojito by your side. But, you know what? We think the best way to do pretty is with a bit of an 'up yours' edge. It's my show, and I'm going to be pretty if I want to.
Hope your Holidays are Merry & Bright!!
Crocodile on the Sandbank is a must-read historical mystery. As The Guardians Maxim Jakubowski so aptly claims, it is filled with dastardly deeds, whirlwind romances, curious mummies and all the fun and intrigue of Egyptian excavations, with a heroine who wields a sturdy parasol rather than a magnum. Accomplished entertainment.
"You'd better watch out and stop eating chocolate," my boyfriend said helpfully, "otherwise that'll be you soon."
New Ciao 36 Colors
The puppet being used to effect their vile behaviour as a Kangarroo Court was the ever willing dupe Douglas Denny a fantasist and a liar with absolutely ZERO morality, as shown by the irrefutable fact that his own colleagues voted him out of office as returning officer for his dishonesty, corruption and dragging UKIP's reputation into his gutter.
Overall this was a pleasant 4 hours or so wandering round Nether Edge and Greystones, and one which I would do again, and can highly recommend. Some of the beer range may have been a bit safe and reliant on stalwart brews but that doesn't matter when the beer is well kept, and across the board, prices were generally 2.80 - 3.00 a pint.
I knew from his profile that he was a bit shorter. Im 57 and I really dont have an issue with men being shorter than me, but I do like to wear heels. I figure a confident man can handle that. He did make mention of his height so I knew it meant something to him and I was sure to tone that down. Dinner was great. We had good conversation and got along quite well. He is a foodie and seemed to know about wine (I know a lot about wine as my ex is in the industry as is my best friend). We had a lot to talk about. After dinner we sat at the bar and chatted until the place was closing. He walked me to my car and gave me flowers. I thought, how sweet.
Amanpour: Jon Im sure you dont want to get
Salvo at Galeb looks like a caricature of Enoch Powell
Regular visitors will know that today (Wednesday) I take part in Whats on your workbench Wednesday, hosted by Julia at Stamping Ground . What regular visitors also know is that my desk is always a mess.
Hey boy, come here. The tall, slinky man said to Adrien.
2. Djemaa el Fna  Marrakech, Morocco
Reached Mariposa. Declared international martial law upon discovering mixed human/alien race in apparent distress. Subsisting mostly in an area called Lacuna, below ground, the unsustainable miasma being above ground. They are barely surviving. The race is surely facing extinction. Entire planet is beginning to oscitate in large areas and increasing daily.
The New York Times, or as SayUncle appropriately calls it, the paper of making things up, let slip a little bit of honesty today. In the midst of a column opining that if we could just agree on "reasonable gun regulation" the National Rifle Association would cease to exist, Andrew Rosenthal had this to say:
We would like to thank all the artists that participated in the Orsoni Prize this year. The mosaics showed an amazing array of unique talent and accomplishment. All submissions will be posted on the Orsoni Fan Page on Facebook, Orsoni Smalti Veneziani.
Olivier said he drove into a driveway and out again as he made a U-turn. A marked police van suddenly stopped in front of the couples Toyota Run-X.
Once everything was mixed together, I baked the cake, chopped and toasted the macadamia nuts and prepared the topping, which I ended up doubling. A few online reviewers suggested doing so, and even though a move like that meant more calories, I followed suite. Hey, isn't breakfast supposed to be the biggest, most satisfying meal of the day? And I've yet to meet the man who doesn't consider butter, brown sugar and coconut to be satisfying.
Authentique patterned paper
And please don't think that I feel the bad judgement shown by these parents has anything to do with their age. I think that even though most teenagers/young adults are not ready to be parents, there are always exceptions. That's one reason why I wanted to write the Willow Ryan series, with the main character being a teenage mother having and raising a baby on her own. There are some teenagers out there who are mature, responsible, and selfless enough to successfully raise children, and I find them incredibly inspiring. But these people at the playground, they are just idiots. It doesn't matter if you're 15, 30, or 45, dressing your child in a shirt that proclaims to the world that they will grow up to be a man who sells women for sex is a crime. Or at least it should be. And I am appalled that this shirt even exists.
Maj.Gen. Kamal Abdul-Marouf, a Sudanese army commander who led the battles in Heglig, said the Sudanese army has killed 1,200 soldiers of South Sudan army during the battles in the area.
Luke tells us that immediately after Mary was told by the angel that she was to be the mother of Jesus (Luke 1:26-38), Mary went in haste to the home of her cousin Elizabeth, who was also pregnant, with the child who would be named John. When Elizabeth heard Marys greeting she pronounced a blessing on Mary and her child (Luke 1:39-45).
I send my soul through time and space
The Durer drawings are stunning, of course, as are the pair of wolves by someone else, forget who; but the real attraction for me is the beautiful, strange painting by Giorgione, entitled Homage to a Poet. It shows a Christ-like poet with a laurel crown, seated on a rocky outcrop, while devotees bring him tokens, animals wander about (as in the Titian) and a small, shadowy Virgin figure(?) lurks halfway up the opposite bluff. Its all very static; the figures stand out somehow, as if collaged on, an effect I remember from Douanier Rousseau pictures at Bilbao a year or two ago. The shrubbery, dark at the front, lightening at the back, is sharply defined  just beautiful, and strange. The wall notes point out Giorgiones regard for the work of Schongauer  maybe that combination of German cold clarity with the warm colours of Venice is the secret. Anyway, hes my latest favourite Renaissance painter.
Does a person of benevolence never worry? Again, she may worry that her efforts to help a situation are not enough, and will act anyway. I think of my sister Christina Stewart in this regard. She and her husband are leaders of a global Christian charity called Impact Nations, delivering acts of service in many developing countries around the world, from Haiti to India. One who does not share their faith may disagree with the evangelical aspects of their ministry, but there is no questioning the positive effects they are having on the material conditions of the people they serve. Im sure, for Christina, sometimes their efforts must feel like a drop in the bucket, and she must worry that they arent doing enough, but here she has her faith to sustain her, and she knows that it is better to act in spite of her worry and doubt, than not to help those they can reach. And always, she strives to do a little bit more.
Mohammed, Olusegun Obasanjo
Remade a few years later, with sound, as Kongo, it's hard not to draw comparisons between Tod Browning's version and the later film, so closely do they hew to the same template. There are a few substantial differences -- the remake cuts out the extended stage-magic prologue that no doubt fascinated Browning, always a fan of unusual theatre folk, and also adds in a significant character -- but for the most part the narrative is almost jarringly similar, entire scenes playing out with near-identical results. The sound version is, if anything, rather more thoroughgoing in its seediness, layering further outrages on the manifold moral excesses already onscreen in 1928.
The box set was purchased by myself and I received no incentive to write about this. This post is just driven by intense joy and emotion to have been part of the creative process of this initiative.http://bit.ly/hopenlifehttp://bit.ly/hopenlife
Finally, I got my choice of a dessert today, and the Pear Sorbet with a pumpkin garnacha and blue cheese was calling my name. In all actuality, I was really craving the pretzel cake truffles, but you have to make due with what was offered on the tasting pre fix.
Get in contact if you need any more tips and advice and feel free to share my website with others!!
What about you? Is fear rational or is it holding you back?
Savage Garden Truly, madly, deeply AUS
Tom Liu went further to urge PM Lee to ignore Singaporeans, echoing the words of another Filipino new citizen Angelo Marc Jandugan earlier:
My practice sessions have been frequent ...
He had so much foreskin that my friends and I secretly referred to him as gonzo.
Im a huge fan of equal opportunity (but not so much Equal Opportunity). One of the seven Army Values is Respect. Treat your people with respect. If they earn a promotion, promote them. If they earn an award, award them. But how can you do this is you have to weight the scales to promote or award someone solely to improve your Diversity? And are we really saying that minorities cant Be All They Can Be in todays Army? I shudder to think so.
I know when you honeymoon
and 3 more Q65 singles.
My Mother
and the microfiche pane.
DY:
This was my first A-Z challenge. I jumped right in with all 3 of my blogs. Random Ramblings didn't have a theme. I posted about totally random things that simply were interesting to me. The Life of Lisa was all health & weight loss-related. A lot of my topics were easy to come up with and others changed as I did research and found something better.
- Questioning whether a person at the Bureau of Statistics can compile statistics on life expectancy and get a patent (Kennedy)
2 T olive oil, plus extra for drizzling
Again, I am very, very sorry for any problems this may have caused.
Well, next one will steer things up more and more!
Applicant contended, however, that FIORE "has an alternative, recognized meaning: it means 'flower' in Italian," and it submitted evidence that "Italian is increasingly popular as a language for study and practice in the United States, such that a 'beginner word' like 'flower' would be readily understood by a wide variety of people."
There is a grey dove out in the birdbath in the back just sitting there. They do that. Of course they cannot think, but from time to time one sees something like this and wonders. Are they enjoying a good soak?
This is a cat
Well, thats not a day off then is it?
1/4 t. Worcestershire sauce
Ty, intrigued by the beautiful bar owner, becomes a regular. He senses that Jenna wants to do something more with her life. And as he gains her trust, the passion between them grows, as does Tys insistence that Jenna should start living for herself. With his encouragement, Jenna starts to believe it, too
It is difficult to be an informer/undercover agent because both sides will crucify you. In fact in the 1940s, the leader of the Communists, Loi Tak, was a triple agent, a Vietnamese who worked for the Japanese and the British while leading the CPM!
75011 Paris
Whoever sees it as his duty to warn against a certain policy is not exempt from the necessity to present a full view on the issue in question. It is also his duty to offer a real alternative to a policy he opposes.
I must mention the smoking first. Holy cow! Everyone smokes. All the time. Even the women. I find this interesting because my mother NEVER smoked in public, and she wasnt what Id call a real smoker. In fact, Ive seen very few people who smoked the way she did. My father hated smoking (probably because it was her vice and not his) so she didnt smoke until he went to work. Isnt that so mid-century? He worked the night shift and she smoked one cigarette after he left the house. That was it. He knew she smoked. She just didnt do it around him because he didnt like it.
Minor complaints aside, this was a decent story superbly written. John Hansen is a young writer--teenaged, even, though I can't say exactly what age--and already has a great grasp of language and narrative flow. If I wrote as well as he does when I was his age, I'd be rich and famous by now.
As you noted in your area, smaller towns are usually hit bad by hard economic times or times when resources as scarce, the smaller the town and the further it is from main populations the worse it gets. People lose their farms, their jobs, younger folk move to the city looking for jobs, the cost of transportation takes a toll on more distant communities and closer ones that end up being cheaper to transport back and forth from are preferred.
I find myself very conscious of these differential spaces when I am out with my children. When we step outside our home I am aware that people are watching. The expectations I assume they have lead me to subtly alter what I let the children do. While Polly and Pip dont fully comprehend the reasons for this, they certainly are aware that some difference exists. They know that outside our home they cannot do exactly the same things that they do in our living room.
Below are some of my doctor's tips, as well as a couple of my own, for keeping my girlish figure by avoiding short-term weight gain through fluid retention.
First off, i don't like the feel of it. It might be medical grade silicone, but it's the one that feels like rubber and i'm not such a fan of that. It feels cheap.
Cowboy Cassanova  Carrie Underwood
It's still brass monkeys up here in Scotland, but now we have had miserable rain and wind to go with it.
Andy is the Head of the Writing Program at Second Citys Training Center, and was a founding member of Chicagos GayCo Productions. This Summer, he will appear in Steamworks! The Musical for the Annoyance Theater and, hopefully, finish a screenplay about assassins.
He straightened in his chair.
Should you respond to rejection letters, and, if so, what is the appropriate response?
t-h-t! of the rifle-balls,
BLISS, in Russian looks like this.....
"But it's equally important for them to consider how they in good conscience must act."
No plans for the rest of the day, except reading and watching the RED Sox tonight. Have a great day yourself!
MY HEART AND I
I asked Alex to come with me. His reply was, "Would that make you happy?" I said "Yes." Then he said, "This gift is backfiring on me."
I could write a book on this subject ... I have coached for over 10 years, been a wife of a coach for almost 20 years, and I have 3 kids that are currently playing sports ranging from ultra competitive travel to recreation league. They love it and PARENTS RUIN IT ...
And a month later the public learns of the coverup attempt, thanks to the Ottawa Citizen. Fortunately, RackNines Meier has fingered a man at a Rogers IP address, potentially because of a cookie associated with both Poutine/Jones account, and a legitimate account. This man is allegedly (according to Brian LaRue) Andrew Prescott, who had a legit account at RackNine. So while the coverup at CPC headquarters may momentarily save the conspirator(s) located there, it cannot save Pierre Poutine, because the suspect list is very narrow. There are not many people at the CPC Guelph campaign who can be blamed for not submitting ANY RackNine expense claims, and its down to Prescotts word against the campaign manager and accountants words about why the legit RackNine expenses did not get submitted to EC. Also on the hook in Ottawa will be system administrators who could have modified the CIMS database records.
So, I was in a clown costume, being chased through a Best Buy by a rhino
Frankly, since I am so busy getting ready to move- the holiday has really taken a back seat to my other excitement,,,but I am glad both are almost here.
Another fun reason why I like this recipe is because you can totally change up the flavors! Here are some variations you should try as well:
the contents were poured into the dog bin. She would gradually work her way
I have introduced you to the classic the sound of music. Your favorite song is The Lonely Goateth, Do re mi, and My Favorite Things. You even sing the do re me song.
Then today my daughter comes to me with a proposition that she'll clean the garage out if she can have her cell phone back. That was a big fat NO. I don't know what part of "grounded from your cell phone indefinitely" my daughter did not comprehend.
He certainly has been able to educate himself in a way that he might never have been able to do as a practicing lawyer. Its a funny way to get an education.
7. paint- Cheapest, easiest way to change the look of anything. I love paint in all forms and have a stock pile of it for all those future projects on my list.
June 6, 2011  Dr. Arpad Vass of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory describes using a gas chromatograph mass spectrometer to find signs of human decomposition and a high level of chloroform in the trunk of Caseys car. The defense challenges Vass financial motivation and the chain of evidence.
The DHS document also lists concerns such as climate change and melting Arctic ice, despite recent reports confirming that the amount of floating ice in the Arctics Bering Sea reached all-time record high levels last month, according to the US National Snow and Ice Data Center. Then again, liberals never let facts or data get in the way of securing the nation according to their agendas, do they?
Yes, in the absence of cash, the $1 postage stamp is the universal prison currency.
Finally, keep in mind that not going to college NOW is not the same thing as not going to college. I believe that many people would benefit a great deal from taking a few years to experience and experiment with various occupations and lifestyles before they make the decision to attend (or not attend) a university.
I quite like this one, actually, mostly because I really love the Hourglass stain - it's such a beautiful color and it does last. It's also quite fuss-free once it's applied. What do you think? Is this too spring-esque for an autumn wedding? I don't know that I really care about conforming to seasonal standards, but perhaps it should be considered. What say you? Should I focus on fall colors? Are you still voting for a red lip?
Barcelona are currently the best-known exponents of pressing from the front. And without being much of a football archivist Im just about aware that Ajax were the originators in the 70s, and that there have been many students of the style in between. After I write this post up we may well have seen Bilbao have a decent go at defending from the front under Marcelo Bielsa against Manchester United on Thursday night.
On February 5, four or five men were seen disembarking from a police vehicle in Thornville.
In chapter 2, Kiwi pushed back on the play Indian activity of "the Chief" and now, Ava does, too. And they're both thinking "dad" when they do it.
parchment paper sheet and whack them with roller it will be easy to roll the butter. Try with cold butter thus it easy to make the sheet. Once you made the butter sheet immediately chill it in fridge while you are making the dough sheet.
Not yet anyway!
The Thief Lord, Rated PG, ASIN: B000CNE07Y
So, which will it be and why?
50. AUTOMATIC KAFKA
Look to me when youre not sure
According to the NLRB charge, Jimmy Johns Rule #11 in the 2010 employee handbook states: Find your own replacement if you are not going to be at work. We do not allow people to simply call in sick! We require our employees and managers to find their own replacement! NO EXCEPTIONS!
A great writer once said Sometimes You Have Problems and Thats Totally Okay Because I Have Lots of Them and Sometimes Give Them To Other People. Lets Talk About Them Now.
You are a good prospect if you are young (ie under 30), attractive and already have some track record in some creative area. And it helps massively if you can speak fluently. Being dead is not a good selling point if you are trying to get a publishing deal unless you are Jane Austen or George Orwell.
Sundays are are a great day to stay in Merida and tour the city because so much is going on. Many museums have free entrance on Sundays, whereas on weekdays entrance is between 30-70 pesos depending on the museum.
Can you stop thinking? Can you stop seeing? Can you stop hearing?
We dance, we kiss, we schmooze, we carry on, go home happy, whatd'ya say? Come on. Hades (Hercules)
I thought this anime was the funnies thing!
As I beckoned the children to witness this spectacle we witnessed a male fairy in a rose bush busily snacking: "he's getting aphids" my daughter excitedly suggested.
Cooling: Loose the rolls with a spatula. Wearing oven mitts, place a large plate over the pan and invert the rolls onto the plate. Place a wire rack over the plate and flip the rolls onto the rack. (Sort of like flipping a cake method) Let the rolls cool for 5 minutes before icing.
Since President Noynoy was not very visible talking about serious matters when he was in Congress when he was in the Senate, I try to understand why he loves to talk his personal affairs more than the concerns of this nation.
Stephen Wheeler  Associate Professor of Landscape Architecture
I'd have fun with my friends, cover emotions with laughter and being the funny girl! And you better believe I am pretty funny...Ha! I'd come home, eat like crazy, feel HORRIBLE and most likely, cry myself to sleep and I'd repeat the same thing in my mind, "Tomorrow I'll start". "I'll wake up and start a new day, a new diet".
You will find such ducats of dream and great
3) Add flavour & colour to cold water & pour into flour mixture.
I had another great day at the I Heart Market. I love being able to interact with buyers. To see people's reactions is just magical for me. I love it! I'm starting to get regular customers which is exciting. And customers that are especially coming to buy my goodies.
My ghee was more yellow than golden, but the smell was right. Still, I thought something was wrong. I let it sit on the counter and went about my business. A few hours later Mojo is hollering - "MOM, is that ghee?!? YOU made that? (shock) It's so pretty!" Low and behold, the ghee had set and it was gorgeous. The color was creamy yellow, and the texture was, too. It smelled wonderful. But as with all cooking, the proof is in the pudding. So, we made toast. OH MY GOODNESS. It was richness. I am so proud of myself!.
During the final battle for Excalibur, Morgaine attempted to threaten Ace and Shou Yuing with the Destroyer, claiming they would become his handmaidens. Though he wanted to break through the chalk barrier, Morgaine didn't want to release him, allowing him access to his full powers. Despite this weakness, he was still able to destroy the hotel, allowing Morgaine to escape with the sword and then teleporting away. The Destroyer let the Doctor and the Brigadier follow them, since Morgaine would need to release him. When the Doctor gained the upper hand, Morgaine was forced to unchain the Destroyer and escaped.
You can also click as you follow the line to force points to be created on the path. Close the selection by pressing the Enter key or clicking at a point near the beginning of the selection. The Magnetic Lasso Tool is not available in ImageRead
when you were sad and you felt alone
hat would probably be my wedding day. Or the births of my children
A note about this second sketch. I was not drawing to make an exact recreation of each building. Rather, I was creating stylized images using elements that I saw and was inspired by.
Todays image is of the horrible Guru Dakshina asked by Drona from Ekalavya, which he, the loyal and grateful student, happily payed.
I love my mom and I'm glad she's here "in case" but I can't take her constantly harping on me day in and day out about how I'm not doing anything to help my marriage. Without getting into the litany of things I've tried over the last 2.5 years to get my husband to pull his head out of his ass on put us on the same page...let's just say that I'm tired of doing all the work. I'm 9.5 months pregnant. I'm just....tired. Of everything. And I don't have the energy to fight with anyone right now. Not my husband, not my mom, not anyone. Thankfully the husband understands this and is pretty much on his best behavior right now, but every. single. day. my mom is picking a fight with me about something that she doesn't like. I almost wish she wasn't here anymore, except that the second I tell her to go back home I know I'm invoking Murphy's Law and I'll need her to take me to the hospital.
2 Liters of water
You know that Moen commercial where the lady plunks the faucet down on the table and tells the architect, "Design the house around THIS."
Miranda is currently writing her third novel, It Started With a Kiss (published 10th November this year) and is vlogging all year about the writing and publishing process of this novel on her blog.
So, basically, all I want for Christmas is for that fucking song to die. To go away. To disappear and never be heard from again.
Unibroue phmre (Apple)
I have no idea why I didn't take any pictures of the pasta! Wow, I'm only 24 and starting to lose my marbles. hehe. Sorry, guess you'll just have to imagine it. =)
Mr Sheridan asked Mr Coulson if his newspaper printed lies to which he responded We try not to.
Reader, let me talk to you about this subject. Believe me it is one of the deepest importance. This is no mere question of controversy. This is not one of those points on which men may agree to differ, and feel that differences will not shut them out of heaven. A man must be right on this subject, or he is lost forever. Heaven or hell, happiness or misery, life or death, blessing or cursing in the last day,all hinges on the answer to this question, What do you think about the cross of Christ?
Mr. Parker was obsessed with spy novels and always managed to speak in codes, however obvious they may be.
Witchcraft, spell casting, voodoo...yeah, I'm a spooky bitch. WATCH OUT! LOL! Seriously? I have a whole room dedicated to the metaphysical. There be bones, herbs, candles, books, incense, and other curiosities.
They had won and I was caught. I closed my eyes and hugged the shoes I carried to my chest.
We had our workshop on Saturday and I just wanted to post some highlights of what we talked about for review!
Stephanie Mcatee Polaroid transfer. Ive used short-cut techniques to copy the process, but I still dont come up with the same end result.
Well, fast forward a year and here I am. Its 6:30 am and I have just come back from my morning run.
Engineered by: David Rowe & Mikey Riley
I had to say a lot in less than 800 words.
I am so thankful for my family. I am so blessed to have a family like I do - one that is so fun to be around and so caring and thoughtful. I miss them when I am gone and soak up all the time I can get with them! :) My husband is the best ever and I can't imagine living my life without him! He is the one who knows me best and the one I can always talk to about anything and I'm so blessed to feel so comfortable with him about everything! :)
In a large bowl, combine: 4 cups (16 oz.) shredded sharp cheddar, 24-oz. container low-fat cottage cheese, 2 turkey sausages cut on the diagonal
(1) The words are the Bosss, in his reading with me through Linda Dillon on April 25, 2012.
James Amato, 43, Ronkonkoma, N.Y.
then, then feelings are born.
The monochrome city streets slowly sink into silence
Remember the mass murders of Stalin, Mao, Pot, Ill, Castro, and over 50 million baby murders and counting, and other atheist regimes? God gave us rights to, Life, Liberty , etc. Atheists, with over 50 million baby murders and counting, wants to erase the first right and ...go from there.
He disclosed that Yoruba
8:30: I feed C some breakfast, we practice signing "eat" "more" "drink" and "all done"
I have figured out that my eating is strongly related to stress. When I get stressed, I suddenly want to eat out more. Lots more. Ive figured out that, in relation to last weeks session about expectations about myself (and what I feel I should be doing or need to be doing at any given moment) that I have a LOT of expectations about what I feel I should be eating. And when I do eat out, I really down on myself for doing so. Ive had to learn to not spew this out, because it makes my SO feel like crap as well. He feels cock blocked because if he makes me eat in, and eat things I dont want to eat, Im a bear to him. And if he lets me eat out, I turn the whole event into some shit fest about how we really need to get this under control. Its pretty much lose lose for both of us. And while Im curbing how much of it he sees, Im still thinking it to myself.
Music goes out of print, and when it does, it disappears from these music services. This might change in the future, but basically these services are licensing music that somebody is selling somewhere. If the music is not for sale online or in stores, it doesnt get license and thus not available to stream. But not ever song for sale is licensed for use in a subscription music service. Surprisingly, more and more are. I think were evolving away from owning music. Owning makes sense when music is on a physical medium, but it doesnt make sense when its digital.
The Vast Majority Refuse To Repent and Believe In The Gospel
Also, I was nominated for some blog awards. I put the buttons for those along the right side of this blog. If your have the time or inclination, you can vote for my blog in any or all of the categories.
09) Like A Hurricane (Neil Young)
Gift Bags
K: I have worked, in the past, as a pastor and so the first essay in which you attend the Christian music festival, thatthats a subculture that its incredibly easy to mock. Even as a Christian, I have to be careful not to be dismissive of that subculture, and I appreciated the care you took to not do that, even in sharing your own back story of Christian faith. Transparency is the word you used, and I think its the right one. And I think it makes for better writing and it makes for a better story.
da lo mismo,
If you would like me to send you one it's FREE only I will charge $5.00 for mailing costs to get it to you. Please click the email button. I will take pre-orders but the new catty will not ship until June 1, 2012. If you are one of my Birthday / Christmas Club Members you will automatically get a new catalog June 1, 2012!
Constant Waves
These cookies were delicious, melt-in-your mouth and so buttery. The full recipe called for a full pound of butter and that scared the bujeesus out of me so I cut the recipe in half. The halved recipe (below) still made a substantial amount of cookies but if you want/need more, then just double it. The fun thing about this cookie is that you can roll the chilled dough in non-pareils, or colored sugar and coordinate with any holiday or celebration that you need. I used blue sprinkles for half of the dough and rolled the other half in raw sugar. It's not necessary but it adds a nice textural element to the tender cookie and it makes them extra pretty. The dough can be made ahead of time, then when you're ready for them, just slice and bake.
3) An average amount of milk produced by a dairy cow is 6 gallons... you totally should have seen our freezer full of bags of frozen booby milk about two months ago- we were running out of space...and its a stand up deep freezer...
Location independent? What the hell is that?
Dress: Chadwick's.
This dress takes a long time to make- each tiger stripe is drawn then cut out by hand and appliqued on.
Here's a shot of the awesomeness of the samurai!
Our challenge this week is particularly appropriate for some of us, given the weather forecast - SNOW! It can be anything snowy but please remember, you must have some stamping on whatever it is you have made. One lucky winner will be getting a lush paper pad from Crafty Emma's store - perfect for those last-minute cards.
The passion of love to all kind of small birds does not really leave me... I do love observing them and I can do it for hours. So as the act of it I have done some small romantic box again with a bird of course. Have a look at it pls..
This leaves me and my husband. I dress in black lace, leather and pretty stockings and, you know.
After a long day at whatever respective job you perform, you sit down in front of the computer and turn the monitor on
Hopefully the Delhi High Court will evolve such a format for the copyright infringement suits filed by PPL and IPRS.
Join the Club  Support the Work!
I HATE being weak.
However, there are also a lot of other things going on, including two half-scetched romantic plot lines. I wish they'd made a decision on one or the other - either would have worked just fine, but the desire to include both feels half-assed - seventeen-year old boys aren't exactly going to line up for a movie about inter-creature relationships, in any case. I did like how that instead of starting from scratch, like many action and fantasy sequels do when it comes to romance, Del Toro took Hellboy and Liz (Selma Blair) to a new stage of their relationship. Unfortunately, now that she's got a handle on her powers, Liz doesn't have much to do except look exasperated with Hellboy for being kind of a crappy boyfriend, and Blair looks pretty depressed throughout. It's a bummer that the filmmakers couldn't come up with some better female story arcs, but at least they managed to fit in a Barry Manilow duet. Which is not to be missed.
Beijing airport is HUGE and it was so quiet..it was sort of eery.
There are two reasons why I love Friedrich Nietzsche; one is because his moustache semaphored a silent two-fingers-up to the establishment, if even unbeknown to the man himself; and two because he was bonkers. I personally find that a crazy infidel always makes for the best kind of literary idol, add booze to the mix and call him perfect. Now, I am not entirely sure about Nietzsches drinking habits but reading some of his work one would be forgiven for thinking he wrote while heavily intoxicated. Still, the man was a genius and a genuine sovereign thinker despite his idiosyncrasies and the inconsistencies in his oeuvre. This, however, according to many scholars, is precisely what makes him unworthy of the philosopher appellation but I would argue, in Nietzsches own words, that one is fruitful only at the cost of being rich in contradictions. I have always held on to that because occasionally I couldnt hold on to some of my convictions. In other words, we change, and are changed by our experiences; therefore, inevitably, our ideas and beliefs change along with them. A sentiment that was seconded years later by William Somerset Maugham who said: We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person. I find this to be true both of life and, in this case, my personal feelings toward this most divisive philosopher.
In November 2009 the IPO refused to grant the SPCs applied for. In the case of four of the applications, more active components or ingredients were specified in the applications for SPCs covering those components than were identified in the wording of the claims of the basic patent, and they were not therefore protected by the basic patent under Article 3(a) of Regulation 469/2009. As for the fifth application, while the active components or ingredients identified in the patent were the same as those specified in the SPC application (ie combination of pertactin and filamentous haemagglutinin), the MAs submitted in support of that application did not fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 3(b) since they related to medicinal products containing nine active ingredients, that is to say vaccines which did not contain only the active components or ingredients specified in the SPC application and in the patent claims.
Through your death
I was your quintessential nerd in school. Writing is my haven, my Iron Man suit, my quiet revenge, my no-judgments zone, my cone of silence. It allows me to be everything. There is so much freedom in it and its where Im the most honest. Crohns has taught me that to make the most of my time; writing has helped me spend it wisely.
2.Characters
Earth and sky are wide. Youre free.
After recovering from her injuries, Cline came back with another significant hit in the form of the song Crazy, and participated in a well-received showcase at Carnegie Hall in November. Her career had now far surpassed all of her expectations. While Crazy ascended to #1, the singles Shes Got You and Imagine That both took their turns on the charts in 1962; an extensive tour was undertaken at the start of that same year, followed by an appearance on American Bandstand in February, and a 35-day headlining gig in Las Vegas that November. In the midst of the enormous popularity she now enjoyed, Cline experienced a premoniton that it would all be over for her soon and gave friend June Carter instructions on how she wanted her children to be raised when she was no longer around. After a benefit concert in Kansas City in March of 1963, Patsy Cline was killed when the plane flying her home crashed near Camden, Tennessee.
5) Determine appropriate campaign strategies and set campaign goals.
8. What is the first perfume you ever purchased/wore?
I never worry about overeating, yet I could be a food addict. Perhaps I need intervention and so may many other people who steer clear of bowing to the worries of overeating and suffer from symptoms of an addict (unbeknownst to them). According to the Time magazine article symptoms include eating to the point of feeling sick and difficulty functioning due to attempts to control overeating or overeating itself  This news has revealed more brain activity in regions involved with pleasure and craving than women who had one or no such symptoms. Consequently, the cure to addiction lies within an obvious yet difficult concept to conquer, self-control. The craving will always exist it is knowing when to say no, not just to things like heroin but even Haagen Daz. For the full Time article click here.
Well, I wrote introductory pieces for each of them awhile back
It has a strong vanilla aroma with plenty of sweet banana and a touch of malt in the background. It has a rich taste but without the full bodied flavour compare to Tap 1. Fruity tastes abound with a hint of banana, lemon and peach noted.
"Oh my God, he's never done this before. I checked everywhere and yelled for him. I can't believe he was sleeping in there the whole time.", mom cried.
Power Lines: In the later part of the hike, the trail crosses the power lines twice. Since you are most likely hiking this trail out and back, consider taking the side trail that runs beneath the power lines and joins the two crossings, either when you are coming or going. Its a different feeling to walk beneath the open sky. And welcome on a cold, but sunny day like the one I was hiking on. Youll see wildflowers, and the young pines trees there are typical of the early succession of a field back to forest.
Normally the croquettes I am used to are filled with a potato filling with some additional ingredients. Instead, the croquette here is filled with a flavoured mousse which comes as a surprise. Im guessing that theyve churned chorizos and onions through until they became a mousse, but the flavour is spot on and it is an interesting and delicious take on the croquette. Personally, the onion one was much more flavoursome than the chorizo.
Im a Believer  Do you believe?
28 Shirtboards
- They're also making a game with Ubisoft, complete with old-school graphics and music. (Check out the preview from Penny Arcade Expo East here on YouTube.) I know Kati kicks it old-school gamer a lot more than I do, so this is totally for her!
Sierra Nevada Bigfoot
We found quite a few missing items today, the photo above shows just what came out of one register!
BITTERSWEET MEMORIES OF A SEPARATION
(As I glance upward out of this page studying you, dear friend,
The same voice control feature found on the Galaxy Note makes a return as S Voice and you can even use it to wake up your handset. Samsung has also made it part of the Ice Cream Sandwich Face Unlock feature  it now needs to see your face and hear your voice before you can unlock the handset.
This demonstrates that, even when the whole campaign and even  as is asserted to be the case here  the whole nation depends on preserving the lives of a few men, the "system" failed to step up to the plate. And if it could do it then, it most certainly could do it in the context of operations where the survival of the nation was not at stake.
All the things we ever knew
My wife bought me a coke out of her machine at work.
If you feel led, another way you can be involved is to help provide financial support. As you know, this kind of trip can be costly. Donations can be mailed to Theresa Baptist Church at 3919 Chub Lake Road Roxboro, NC 27574. Be sure to include "Megan Hall Yucatan Mission Trip" on the check. If you would like to know more about our trip and the organization we will be working with, you can visit www.dcimissiontrips.com. While there, be sure to check out the videos section.
And I injured a muscle in my upper left thigh. I layed off for a few days, and tried running again last week. No dice. After some advice I didn't want to hear but knew to be true from two separate running sources, I have forced myself to take some time off.
Savannah: "that...that.."
shaking the cold October air off with a brisk shiver.
And amidst some incredibly frustrating painting (at work) on a cylindrical piece of glass, I ended up with some perfectly stunning  if I may toot my own horn here  leaves and berries. I've mentioned before that painting has never been my forte, and I'm stunned with the completely unexpected joy that arises when I manage to do it right  and beautiful to boot. So: toot.
The next day we woke up early to a day at the beach. The first item on the itinerary was surfing. Unfortunately for me, I was unable to participate because I injured my foot earlier that week. It was in the process of healing, but as much as I wanted to try my hand in the waves I knew that it could result in a set back. Instead, I acted as the paparazzi and happily snapped away with my camera while the morning lighting glistened off the ocean. Next, was ocean kayaking which I did participate in. My friend, Karissa and I were determined to catch some waves. We did and also managed to tip over a few times, and my all time favorite somehow I ended up underwater with the kayak stuck on top of me. Next, we walked through the town, had lunch, bought some postcards, and just enjoyed the moment. Relaxing and slowing down is definitely something I am trying to learn to do and enjoy. After four months of studying, backpacking and literally being in a different place every weekend, this is extremely different for me. I am looking forward for the Aussie way of relaxing to rub off on me.
The buildings around Teardrop Park are mostly simple oblongs. No building is by itself shaped to embrace or partially encircle the park. The buildings, separately owned and by different designers, are clearly as distinct from each other as they are similar to and an obvious part of all the surrounding buildings that comprise the generally welcoming Battery Park City neighborhood in which it is embedded. Because all the buildings seemingly lay an equal and general claim on the space, they make it seem public. There is also something about the way they seem aggressively attacked by the musculature of the landscaping makes it seems as if they, like Mayan ruins in the jungle, can hardly hold their own against encroaching nature. One buildings backdoor entrance is blocked, almost impolitely, by a huge stone bolder in the middle of a path. Rather than the buildings claiming the landscaping the landscaping claims the buildings. In most cases it works. Still, looking smack into a operating health club through barely concealing bushes is an odd compromise. It all might not have worked; but in the case of the execution of the tour de force that is this particular park, it does.
Assumed being the key word. All evidence to date points to the GOP as trying to swallow up the liberty movement so the party can destroy it. I hope and pray that I am wrong. If liberty-loving Ohioans are very watchful of their state and federal representatives, and put intense pressure upon them to reduce the size and cost of government, well and good. But if we don't, we will find ourselves two years from now being as unhappy with the Republicans as we were two years ago, and as we just were this year with the Democrats.
I couldn't resist updating the background a bit as well. Same color scheme, just a fun new pattern!
And in its place I found myself again. One of the greatest sessions was the one where I located the first time I chose to violate my integrity and agreed with some worthless arbitrary order from the church, again, in order to go up the Bridge to OT. This led to all kinds of realizations about how I must never invalidate my own knowingness, must never deny myself, must never sell my soul, must never compromise with my own reality, must never
The band reformed in late 2008, with original members the McCluskey brothers and Bobby Bluebell, to support Edwyn Collins at a show in Glasgow on 23 January 2009.
Their strategic plan?
First one, then two and finally three squid hover into view. Their long fin edges ripple them away from me. They watch with large hollow eyes, black as ink. I try to follow, but their water jet engines push them over a rocky ridge and out into open water. Out into open water where squid lures drift. They would have been better off staying with me. The squid fishers actually catch me instead. De-hooked I head back into the beach. My foot stings in the salt water and my head spins from the colour and life. I pass back into the land world, leaving the water world behind.
Weeks Worst:
What about you? like or loathe your name?
Now for the cards. All made..with exception of the base card.....from scraps from my bit box.
09-Niney And Errol T-False Ship
We are taken to the Buddhist temple which, we are told, was destroyed by the Japanese in the Great Patriotic War and later destroyed by the Americans in the Korean War, but which the Party had faithfully re-built twice. The one monk on display seemed a little sad-eyed and the temples official guide seemed a little more over-zealous than most on unsubtly pushing the Party line.
how much money was in my bank account
Thank you again for your time and hope that this has been of interest to you. Please do not hesitate to contact me if theres anything you need to know or want me to add in forthcoming posts.
They have used almost all of my posts along with other posts. Cannot find the author. Only thing can leave a message.
You will probably have to do a bit of clean up and adjustment at this point, readjusting the zipper, erasing bits of the orange half from the apple, etc.
There's so much I wish you could tell me. How much air do I put in the tires? Do fans use less electricity than the AC? Which one is the Phillips head? Was I 8 or 9 years old when I told you I thought I was pregnant? You loved Pittsburgh but thought Detroit should win the Cup, didn't you? Does Mom like hydrangeas? Can you still see us?
James and Rob starred together in my favourite sitcom of this century, Gavin and Stacey. James not only starred in it, he also co-wrote it! Imagine the stories he has to tell in his autobiography just pertaining to that sitcom alone. And Rob, giving his own unique view of the whole Gavin and Stacey experience. A different view from James's.
All we can ask is that the Adur Councillors read this report and spend a little time dwelling on its contents, and then perhaps reflect that our report and has already raised these issues. This report just gives added credibility to our report and as such the issues we have highlighted should be given serious consideration and weight in deciding the application.
I was going to compare the movie (filmed a year ago) to the Emperors New Clothes but, really, I think I will settle on describing it as a movie which should have been released at Christmas. That is the traditional time to sell turkeys.
And of course, everyone jumped off the bed...except for yours truly...who just sat there staring down the little beast and said, "I think GOD is punishing me guys."
I need to be like Joshua waiting patiently and faithfully on God. And then, just then, Ill shine just right exactly when He needs for us to for the campus to flourish for His glory.
We wear the babies on our bodies in Bjorns, Moby's, or slings, as we did with A. She is a tiny three-year-old, so a month ago, I asked her if she wanted to ride in the Ergo carrier on my back, since she was feeling jealous that O-Bear was in the Bjorn, next to me. She climbed in and I wore her on my back while I made cookies. She laid her sweet blonde head onto my back and said, "Ahhh. Isn't it nice to be stuck together like glue again, Mommy?" MELT.
We understood that wisdom came with experience, maturity and age. Knowledge was the purview of the educated, the wealthy and the gainfully employed, not feckless pinheads with an over-inflated sense of self-worth and Wikipedia book marked on their laptops.
He may attending tough, but DK cant yield too abundant abuse here.
The bottom line is: there are many reasons for supporting transition.
I am amazed by David words about Saul and that is why we will be spending a week looking at this. You have any initial thoughts on what is written here today?
After my little girl got bored, we walked back to the house to get cleaned up. My wife and I then took her to see a movie in Lafayette.
Vanessa: Maybe we should Google every picture of Colin Farrel we can find and-
Oatmeal Stout - A variation of the traditional stout, this came about when people thought that adding oats to the brewing mix would make the beer healthier. The side bonus is that oatmeal stouts tend to be a litle sweeter than traditional stouts. What you get is a very silky-smooth beer that has a BIG taste, but doesn't feel like you should have to chew it.
"Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Knowledge is important. For starters, if you didnt know about God you wouldnt come to Him in the first place. How are you going to refute people who question you about evolution or science. As a matter of fact, at no point does science disprove the existence of God (but thats a topic for another day). It is important to know what the Bible says about God. It is more important to know God. You get to know God by praying and digging into His Word. You cant really know God unless you are constantly praying and in the Word. Knowledge is important to our faith. However, head-knowledge amounts to nothing. True knowledge comes from the heart. It comes from the Holy Spirit. God gives us the knowledge of what is right and wrong. What we should and shouldnt do. We use knowledge a lot in our daily walk with God. Peter goes on to say in 2 Peter 3:17-18:
CMOS Types have a Suffix
- Article 2(5) of the IP Chapter of the Association Agreement has become Article 229(5)
Chronic Blog Fatigue is a traumatic tiredness brought about by excessive posting, reading of blogs, commenting, and the general maintainence that is required to keep a readership growing. If you blog anywhere between once a week and once a day, you could be suffering from CBF. If you blog more than five times per day  please stop.
Its back to school time again! You can take a breath for just a second... You've done your school shopping and routines are set in place for the year.. Paper Issues theme for this month is: The Learning Curve. Think about back to school, sports, drill team..or you can apply it to yourself, how you have grown and changed..Life lessons over the years. This theme has so many possibilities.
Now they've got a tax revolt on their hands. Mainers are going to the polls today and are faced with petitions to put voter initiatives on next year's ballot. Among the eleven facing them is one to repeal the drinks tax increase. Opponents are painting the petition as kicking the uninsured out of hospitals into the street, all for a cheaper glass of beer. They're also crying because the beverage tax petition makes no proposals for replacing the tax revenue.
"No, I just felt sorry for you standing there all by yourself".
"We wanted to fill them with change and shake them," said Smorgen, "but change has started to become scarce again and we don't know if we have enough. So we will fill them with dried pasta instead. We will also bang on them with wooden spoons."
Photo Credits: White lily via Wikipedia. Paul Berthon, cover of
14. Shaving Cream - Benny Bell
"My word! What a machine! Tell us what it is and how it works."
It's also helpful to have air-cleaning house plants. I have spider plants and pathos which are super easy to grow and among the most effective at cleaning indoor air. Also grow sprouts and micro greens and eat them: clean the air and nourish your temple!
Prince of Persia anchored version
It was necessary for us that the Word of God should start anew his conversation with us, to breach the distance, to restore Gods presence to us. The desire of God to share his life with us is expressed again in Christ who says: I have called you friends, for all that I have heard from my Father I have made known to
The Netherlands is a country reclaimed from the sea and its cultivation has always been about maintaining defences against the water that always threatens to overwhelm it once again. It is the perfect landscape for this story of a man and the past that always threatens to return with its full force and overwhelm his own stoutly constructed defences. That simple prose acts in the same way, reflecting the controlled behaviour of the characters but always threatening to explode as past events and feelings long buried rise to the surface. This isn't always in a traumatic sense, Helmer's plain speaking even leads to moments of surprising humour ('Mother was an outrageously ugly woman') but there is no avoiding the generally bleak tone as Helmer confronts his family life. We learn about his now deceased mother and the 'alliance of glances' that they shared to support one another against the tyranny of his father and having lost his brother, the further devastating loss of his mother.
Me: Thats what cults always say.
The Chinese in Japan number roughly 650,000 including newer immigrants from China and old residents from the former Japanese colony of Taiwan. Like in South Korea, the older Chinese residents tend to have links with Taiwan, whilst the newer and more numerous Chinese residents tend to have links with mainland China. There are Chinatowns in several Japanese cities such as Osaka, Nagasaki, Kobe, and the most famous one, Yokohama Chinatown. There are also Chinese schools whereby the medium of instruction is Chinese. There have been quite a few influential Japanese figures of Chinese descent, such as the famous Momofuku Ando, whom was the president of Nissin Foods. He was apparently the inventor of instant cup noodles (ramen) in the 1960s. I was very surprised! This means that the world-famous Asian cup noodles currently sold everywhere was not invented by an ethnic Japanese but actually by an ethnic Chinese...Ando was from Taiwan originally. Then , there's also Sadaharu Oh, the famous baseball player as well as Renho, a current Cabinet Minister and the first Japanese Cabinet Minister to have foreign ethnicity. Her father was from Taiwan and she held Taiwanese nationality until 18.
Ratner has promised 600 to 1000 affordable for-sale units, on or offsite, though the plans released last week give no indication that they would be onsite. If the developer builds the maximum 1000 affordable condos offsite, that would make 41.3% of the entire project's residential units affordable. If 600 units were built, the percentage would be 38.2%. That's not 50 percent.
Golden Champion - (Golden ale)
Luckily the contractions died down during the night and (thank u BabyB for listening to my 'stay where u are' pleads) and i was discharged at lunch time today.
This has been a complete rant. Im making my husband sound like such a bad person. He isnt and I know in some ways he is trying. Im trying to understand that its hard for this to be a reality for him right now. I just want a little more consideration.
It was a nice warm. sunny day to be outdoors doing something strenuous. Furthermore, I drove the reengined Bronce and it preformed great.
Interestingly, when it comes to feast days, he shares the same ones as James the Less, son of Alphaeus in the Anglican (May 1) and Catholic (May 3) Churches. It is only in the Eastern Orthodox Church where the dates differ: December 26 (James the Just) and October 9 (James the Less, son of Alphaeus).
The Operation Write Home (OWH)mid week thowdown COLOR CHALLENGE is being sponsored this week by Great Impressions. It is a color challenge using bright pink, turquoise, purple and orange...cheerful tropical colors! I used the cute little "potted kitty" and some bright Stampin Up papers. I think this kitty might just be in a bit of trouble after digging up these pretty little flowers, but how could you be mad at an innocent face like that?
This beautiful image of the watering can and flowers, is from the Happy Birthday Set from Our Daily Bread Designs. I colored the image with my Prismacolor Pencils and mineral spirits. (Wow, how I LOVE to color!) This is the first time I've used set, I had it in my head that I wanted to do a card with purples and yellow...nice and spring-like and I thought this set would be perfect! The white lace and trim on the inside are from my RAK package I received from Sabrina :-D. I LOVE yellow and white together!
2. Given past history Id guess that it will end up on the satellite providers in reasonably short order.
HFCS is commonly fed to many commercial bees today, which is why more than 75 percent of the so-called honey sold on store shelves is nothing more than HFCS (http://www.naturalnews.com/034102_honey_consumer_alert.html). And since the GM corn crops from which the vast majority of HFCS is derived have been treated with imidacloprid and other pesticides, it is hardly surprising that these chemicals end up in commercial bee feed.
"Travel."
In a scene that would have been unthinkable just months ago, opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and other elected members of her National League for Democracy officially took their seats Wednesday in parliament.
Theirs but to do & die,
Sport team, 3 season participation, novice level (much less practice than the Varsity team)
And when I say attorney, I mean someone who graduated from law school, passed the bar, and is licensed to practice in that jurisdiction. Some masquerade as attorneys (like this guy who used someone elses bar number and fooled a firm into thinking he was an attorney) or others tell you that they are just as good (notarios). California allows for non-lawyer immigration agencies that fill out applications, but they are strict about what they can do and cant do (they cant dispense legal advice nor represent clients in legal proceedings) and they have to post a bond with the state. Of course Im biased, but there are problems with these agencies . . .
through my veins
Do you make the cut? Do you have any suggestions on how I can make Miss F eat her crusts?
effect;
We dont know who it was
"Li'l Red Riding Hood" by Sam the Sham & the Pharaohs
Now dont tell anyone, but when I was younger and Botanists talked about plant classification I was never terribly interested. I could see the sense in Latin names, its very useful when you find a plant on the internet, on say a Dutch or French website. I am not fluent in either French or Dutch so for me, if I see the Latin name I know at least we should be talking about the same plant.
Corruption Perception Index:
Chris: Ok  voices in head are still keeping me company, so thats cool.
Mr. Schoenfeld said that the latest disclosure by the Times about the financial surveillance was less clear cut as a legal violation because it did not appear to involve communications intelligence, which is specially protected under federal law.
1 flipping
Lets not go all pedantic about language, but Ive recently started to see the difference between those I feel are reliable vs dependable. It might be common for many of us, or sometimes you just dont think twice about it. I do, however, and I realised this  logically speaking, someone who delivers his promises consistently across many occasions of collaboration should be considered a reliable person, but something in the skeptical self questions if you can always trust this reliability. Conversely there are some that you meet, and unknowingly your mind is conditioned to trust that you can depend on them. In similar light, this person will deliver as promised, but even before you can prove it, you naturally feel at ease and foresees that even when crises arise, they will resolve the issues. This is, dependability.
5He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Microsofts latest version of Windows operating system that is under development is the Windows 8 OS. The developer preview of the operating system is already available for download and users are excited about its new and trendy features like, Metro UI, Ribbon interface for explorer, Disk images mounting, enhanced Multi-tasking, Sensor Fusion, revamped Log on etc. When doing the windows 7 vs Windows 8 comparison, it can be seen that Windows 8 is a revamped version of Windows 7 and is inspired by Windows Mobile 7. Below given is a list of some crucial features incorporated in Windows 8 OS.
When I started this series I wanted them to have something of me in the text. Hand writing is something like a finger print after all. Its imperfect, but as I look at them I think I can learn to live with it. I have to  I cant nit-pick forever!
The all-new Hot 96.7 will be commercial free through January 6, 2012 at 6pm when it will launch with limited number commercials each hour in order to keep focus on the music.
at the World Social Forum, Mumbai, India.
Halton police Detective Steve Skerrett said the group was part of a larger number of protesters who moved onto the property after a peaceful demonstration to seek a meeting with Wescam officials. Skerrett did not have names of those arrested.
*As many small twig clippings as desired
Nick rolled his eyes. You just need to  harness the power.
Cheerio for now ... tick tock.
Radon is constantly being generated by the radium in rocks, soil, water and materials derived from rocks and soils, such as certain building materials. Radium is a decay product of uranium which is naturally occurring in the soils and rocks of the earth's crust. . . . The radon concentration in a home is dependant on the type of soil the home is built on. Cracks, openings and various penetrations in the building foundation will provide the pathway for the radon in the soil to enter the home. . . .
And I was NOT exaggerating when I entitled this blog post, "I do believe that I've hit the mother of all lodes".
Echevarria Travel
For a long time, I had the idea to start my own business. My biggest fear was simple: financial constraints. I had a mortgage and other obligations which needed immediate attention. How could I start something from scratch with zero income? The financial climate at the time was less than stellar. Friends would ask me, Now? Youre going to go off on your own now? The market is horrible! Well, I did it. Someone quite wise once told me that all it takes is planning. Youd surprise yourself with what you could accomplish with proper planning. And he was right. Thanks, Dahlke. While I did get help from various sources, it was up to me to organize and work at creating something from nothing. I created the Burdick Insurance Agency and I could not be happier that I did. What can you create?
April 2010  Paul works in Finance and knows this company is not going to last. Good thing we are just renting and the lease is up in June. Paul gets a new job with Bolthouse Farms. Two weeks later Hollywood Video announces they are closing down for good. One week after starting Marisa and Sarah fly down to find a house (Day 1) offer on house (Day 2) go to church  so much for ward shopping. (Day 3) Fly home (Day 4).
I still need lots and lots of practice, but it's a start!
Stone masonry, even using the rustic standards of the NPS, was a challenging job... At the quarry, enrollees would use picks, chains and winches (but no explosives) to break off and select just the right size boulders... Once the rocks made their way to the job site, they would be individually placed on benches at single workstations. Dozens of CCC boys spent many hours standing at the benches and shaping quartzite blocks using a hammer and chisel. Their work required long hours of standing, sweating and sculpting flat surfaces so the stone could be dropped into a prearranged yet natural-looking slot in the building wall...
768 ***D-X/22/1978. What is a Classic? Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1979(1), above, and in Item B-3, above, pp. 284-99 (1983).)
Today, because of its history and the growth of nearby Laughlin, Nevada, Oatman has been revived and visited by many tourists. Roaming around the streets of the town are wild burros that are rumored to be descendants from the pack animals let go by early prospectors. These burros are protected by the U.S. Department of the Interior. People are told to be cautious around the donkeys because they are wild and who knows what they might do if provoked. Weekends in Oatman, visitors are entertained by Wild West shootouts, and many other celebrations. The town celebrates the Route 66 location with Route 66 signs all over the place and souvenirs for the tourists. One of the things you will notice while visiting the Oatman Hotel is all the one-dollar bills on the walls and ceiling of the bar and restaurant. The say there is thousands of dollars adorning the inside of the hotel.
@LeftsideAnnie: He reveals that he is going to be the new spokesmodel for Vick's VapoRub
Yuri quickly pulls himself together, and says, Well, now you're gonna have to buy it. It's a used gun!
A few evenings ago, I was taken by surprise at the sound of seagulls flying overhead. I've seen them congregating in parking lots where they expect to find fast food flung out of car windows, and they're usually found on larger lakes in the area throughout the summer, but I wasn't expecting to see flocks of them flying over Lonewolf in late April.
The colonial possessions that were white were under the sovereign  i.e. under the authority of the British government. Such nations as the Union of South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and Canada were governed under British law. These only represented thirteen percent of the people who made up the inhabitants of the Britsh Empire.
But then what are we to make of movies that get sequels made to them that are so bad that we questions the producers' sanity, the studios stock portfolio and the actors' intelligence, all for being involved with some odious dreck that purports to be a continuation of a story that should have been better told but wasn't?
Drain chicken broth/water from can into a measuring cup. Add additional water to reach specified liquid measurement, according to package directions, and proceed to cook the quinoa.
confident of their beauty.
raspberry vinaigrette dressing (to taste)
Place the contents of the boxed cake mix, pumpkin puree, cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger into a large mixer bowl and beat for 2 minutes at medium speed.
and colorful little peppers, oh and plums. it was awesome!
Well, then, he said, were going to finish this together.
The mornings dispute ended up being a periodic topic of conversation throughout the rest of the day; I overheard Beanie admonishing her older sister, You shouldnt be ugly to Mommy like that. I chose not to bring it up, except during a quiet moment while Bugaboo and I were alone, reading a story together, when I asked her, Honey, was it really worth all that? We could have had an extra hour of stories and maybe even a craft this morning. She looked at me and sadly muttered, No. Id rather have the stories than a fight. And Id much rather do a craft.
Women who lost their virginity as young teenagers are more likely to divorce  especially if it was unwanted, according to new research.
with the would-be self of their dreams. Hinamori Amu, part of a group called the Guardians, protect those eggs from becoming x-eggs, eggs filled with resentment and resignation that gives children troubles. Amu's job is to capture and restore x-eggs to their orginal form. She does this with the help of her three Shugo Chara (guardian characters or her would be selves), Ran, Miki and Su. Thanks to them she can change her character and abilities, and so fight against the mysterious organization Easter which aim is to find a special egg called Embryo
I made this cupcake stand as a wedding gift for J&A. The stand itself was a put together wood kit from KaiserCraft. The big thing I learnt from this project is that when the wooden frame is a tight fit even before you start working with it.then its not going to fit once youve added layers!! Unfortunately I discovered this out after I had finished painting and decoupaging, and so a lot of hammering and touching up was required to assemble the stand at the end. Each layer of the stand was decoupaged with a different napkin or tissue in a pink floral theme. Holes were drilled into two of the layers to hang the beaded chandeliers, made out of fake pearls. Four different rub-on quotes surround the base:
Playing this game on such a small table represents different challenges so its always fun to come up with very small army lists to try and fool around with.
"When the subject of "teenage rebellion" comes up now, my mother is fond of saying "why would you rebel, since there wasn't really anything to rebel against?"
I know, I know. I keep saying how freaking amazing they are. Let me say it in another way  Ive been involved in the performing arts my entire life (music, dance, theatre, improv etc) and this is one of the very few times that Ive been lucky enough to be involved in a production where not only does everyone genuinely LIKE each other, but they are eager and excited to come to rehearsal. And theyre not even being paid. 21 people are giving up their free time to create art together. Add on the fact that its for charity, and they up their ante. Every single person is SO willing to throw themselves into any fundraising causes and help out anyway they can. This speaks not just to their professionalism, but to each individuals characters as human beings.
We all have private ails. The troublemakers are they who need public cures for their private ails.
Heres what this means in the world of kidneys: He can still get this next chemo, which is scheduled to start on Thursday, but it needs to be further dose-modified. If his GFR dips below 30, which we assume it will next month, he either has to stop this particular drug or (maybe  this hasnt been confirmed yet by his docs but it makes sense to me) get dialyzed after each dose. Weve already explored the possibility of doing only two of the three drugs in his protocol but have been told that their effectiveness lies in the specific combination and leaving one out would render any of them much less useful. So its sort of an all-or-nothing thing: either we stop chemo altogether or we continue and add dialysis to the mix.
Uh, I think youve had a few friend, I respond hastily. I was about to get up, but my last word seemed to have struck quite a cord with the man. His eyes welled with tears and though none found their way down his cheek they glistened in the dim light. He smiled slightly and in a distant tone he repeated,
The only downside right now is that Derek has the flu. But even that has an upside because work isn't that great for him right now so the flu (and associated doctor's certificate) is giving him a week on the couch to ponder, reflect, relax and rejuvenate.
And I love the brilliant way Charlaine Harris has used Eric and Sookie to illustrate a very important principle of relationships that every couple deals with. Love is either enough, or it isnt. You choose to be together, despite all the complications and conflicts or you part ways.
And thank you, James, for being willing to be a mean parent in your childrens best interest. Know that you are not alone  thank you for letting me know I am not alone. Too bad were not closer and could hang out and keep our children sugar free together. I know its not easy (Im not even going half the distance you are in avoiding sugar and its already tough) but I agree that it is worth it in this unhealthy world we live in. And I trust that your children will thank you one day as well, even if it is many years from now.
I finally saw Chronicle last night, a movie Id been wanting to see since its release in theaters but never found an opportunity to. A movie like this appeals to me, both as an adult and as a man-child. The basic plot is that three teenagers find some strange cave and inherit supernatural powers, a fantasy I daydreamed about so much in high school that I could have taught a course on it. The only other thing I thought about as much when I was supposed to be learning was how I would react if a group of highly trained terrorists invaded my school and I was the only one who could stop them.
I said, "Treats?" And she forgot all about getting dry. When I put down her supper, she ate before going back to the job of drying herself. I caught her again in the towel, which didn't make her too happy, but neither was she too upset as I rubbed her off a bit more. When I scratched her (damp) back, she sat there and purred.
Last night I watched Beer Wars, again. It was the first time I've watched it since the night of it's debut on April 16th of 2009. I wonder why I waited so long to watch it a second time. It really moved my the first time I saw it. This time, it inspired me.
3-7-2011
8. Lumberjack Song - Monty Python
 Hebrews 10:24
655 Down
The people in Crapstone have not had similar problems, although their sign is periodically stolen by word-loving merrymakers. And their village became a stock joke a few years ago, when a television ad featuring a prone-to-swearing soccer player named Vinnie Jones showed Mr. Joness car breaking down just under the Crapstone sign.
In 1997, deep sea microphones captured a loud and unusual sound, dubbed a Bloop in Earths Pacific ocean.
I use the Google Chrome browser for most of my Internet needs. While Chrome didnt always allow extensions or addons (as Firefox calls them) to their browser, the browser is now equipped with a full arsenal of extensions. StayFocusd is the extension designed to limit the amount of time you waste on the Internet at unproductive websites.
But Highland's principal said the community, and the city, can assist.
hair .
Tho night be dark and it may seem
Okay so I know when I'll be back but can't wait to get there and enjoy the creative juices.
Presently at 130% of U.S. civil service salary, the UN wage is seriously inflated. This is out of touch with reality, and it has not proved successful in recruiting or retaining talent. On the contrary, it has become a magnet for those who want a UN job only because it pays well.
Personally, I wouldn't care what film I was seeing if I got to see it in large comfy seats with a glass of champagne in my hand...
- I'm still duckin & divin, you know me, Dirty Jude. And my mother, she's got herself involved with some holy hollers that pedal their madness down in Cornmarket.
This is the phone RIM is handing out to around 2,000 developers this week at the developer-only BlackBerry Jam event (with new developer tools including the Cascades framework that will give BlackBerry 10 apps their signature look), so they can build apps before it comes out rather than after.
Anna Kirkpatrick isn't looking for love. Being a single mom to Bowan,
When I made this Emmy had a single bed in her room but now she got a new bed, a growing-in-to bed... So, the quilt is now to big for her bed... A reason to make another quilt, have more fun and buy some more new fabric maybe... And this quilt will be loved and used anyway waiting for Emmy to grow into that single bed one day in the future...
My little disclaimer here - I'm committing a big movie review faux pax here and letting my fond memories of one movie taint my opinions of the newer one. It's never fair, but with a remake I feel like at least some comparison is in order.
Further services available here.
Share on OVI
*FARM FRESH FRIDAYS- a general themed challenge each Friday, we are going back to our "roots" with this one and will now be doing a "FFF" challenge issued by rotating DT members on Fridays and we have a FABULOUS lineup for you so far! A Rubber Prize will be offered up weekly.
so, im sure you are wondering, whats up for grabs?
Davis, N. E. (2011) Online and blended learning rolling into New Zealand schools. Computers in New Zealand Schools: Learning, Teaching, Technology, 23(1). Retrieved from http://education2x.otago.ac.nz/cinzs/mod/resource/view.php?id=139
A stone ladder out and up
I know that in my ministry here in San Diego, these groups have been so very important in sharing my struggles, getting ideas, being encouraged to keep moving forward and I believe they will do the same for you.
There are no fence sitters on this one.
Still, if the Volta Volare comes anywhere near the claimed 300-mile range, thats a pretty impressive feat from a plane running on what is effectively 236 largish laptop batteries. (At almost 4 pounds per battery, each battery is equal to 3-4 typical laptop batteries.)
or begging God to do something about your situation; decree the Word of God
is an apt one. When the native countries of the musicians
Miss Dorothy L. Sayers: Christian Apologist and Novelist. The Times. December 19, 1957.
- 220g / 7,7 oz / 1 cup maple sugar or light brown sugar
Other - Chipboard Letters, PTI Doily Die, Ribbon, Twinery Twine, Heart Embellishment
"The ministry of police respects every judgment of the court, and when we are ordered to pay any victim who might have suffered as a result of alleged police brutality, or any other case, we do comply.
individuals are prepared for any fortuitous occurrences
make us laugh
First off, I sure hope my post is not mistaken as an invitation to join the crowd of people who are living double lives. The invitation intended is take a look inside, find the things that need to be changed, and work on changing them. Sin cannot be overcome without the recognition of its existence, as Jesus proved. Christians have it relatively easy; they can call upon an almighty God for help and know immediately that they are forgiven. Non-believers dont have this luxury but a determined soul possesses a certain amount of might because that same almighty God creates the soul.
7. Litmus Green - Hear Hymn
One great definition of a scene is a moment when an emotion is articulated in some way, usually via action. In fiction and memoir this might be a run-in between two characters, a memory of a past event that still brings a surge of shame or delight, a conversation where someone doesn't get their hopes realized--or does. Scenes are small time capsules, potent because they contain more than is openly revealed. In nonfiction, a scene might be considered an anecdote that demonstrates the book's theory or a step of that theory. For instance, a weight loss book might contain a scene where a man stands in front of a pastry counter at the local grocery store, calculating his chances of getting a doughnut and getting outside before his wife, shopping in another aisle, notices. A nonfiction book on how to play the piano might contain "scenes" (or "islands," as I like to call them) that explain the keyboard.
But heres the thing: so few of us actually revisit these stories as often as they deserve. The problem seems to be that they become such a part of our lives as Indians, so very familiar, that we never feel the need to read them again. No matter what religion you personally profess, if you grow up in this country, you know all about Rama, Sita, Ravana, Krishna, Arjuna and all the rest from the wide and colourful cast of these two epics. And so, you may end up thinking that there is nothing new to learn from them.
Today, 11-30-2010 at around 12pm my father passed away. He left behind his beautiful wife of 42 years, two sons, two daughter-in-laws, 5 grandchildren and more memories than can be imagined.
And Cat would not obey them. And when Adam and Eve gazed into Cats eyes, they were reminded that they were not the supreme beings.
no direction..
There is no evidence of any serious disparity between the UK Patent Office and the European Patent Office (EPO) when dealing with inventive step. It appears that, bar some minor variations, the UK and EPO are seen to be broadly equivalent in the level of inventive step applied. This is reassuring given that both offices examine patents under (essentially) the same law. On the other hand, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), which operates under a different legal framework, was felt by many to require a lower level of inventive step. Interestingly the Scandinavian countries (which operate within the European system) were felt to be somewhat stricter than the either UK or the EPO.
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. " ~ Mark Twain
U2 Pride (in the name of love) IRL
I suspect the days in June were very rare for me indeed, as they seem to pass as if in slow motion. Too hot weather, too early at times, and then the perfect summer days that one wants never to end. And then there is the intensity of July! Is there enough iced-tea? Are the white shirts cool enough? Are the plants on the terrace getting enough water? July seems to ask a lot of us. Even getting to vacation locations has its imperatives.
Hello everybody! Now that finals are far behind me, and Christmas is fast approaching, I feel the need to make a rare post. These, as the title suggests, are a couple of my favorite Christmas songs.
According to Mr. Johnson, "There haven't been any major changes in the Princess Theater itself; the changes have been in the movies made and in the number of movie theaters in Roane County. The Princess is the only one left, and even though it's the only movie theater
Among all the participating at the Challenge, someone will be drawn with the random system to win this sweet La-La Land Crafts "Sweet Dreams Marci".
Before I evaluate the merits of the different options, I do want to discuss a point that has come up in some of my previous discussions regarding the Federal Reserve and central banking. Namely, that the Federal Reserve has an enormous power in its role as a lender of last resort that we have for some inexplicable reason decided can only be used to assist the financial sector and not the public sector, or even the public at large. The relevance here is that, while with a revenue stream of about $50 billion a year you can create an effective Job Insurance system, if the Job Insurance system is allowed to use its revenues as collateral for a loan from the Federal Reserve, the potential for public action on a grand scale becomes immense.
This Jew, living among the Gentiles in Cyprus sought to turn Sergius Paulus from the faith just as the Jews were doing all over the then known world. Turning to verse 11 we see what happened to him. Paul addresses him.
One way or another, though, what you contemplate, you imitate. Choose your contemplations well.
...A few days later after another unsuccessful attempt at fixing my hair I decided to go to the Hollywood place and check out the guy from California. I was worried about having an appointment or having to wait a long time; I guess that's why I don't have a regular stylist because I don't like to do those things.
This will take you to a blog called The Great Leveller and talks about how to make a fix that allows people that currently can't, to comment on your blog. A lot of us find if the comment box is at the foot of your post, that 'embed' prevents commenting...but where the blog provides a new page with comments and comment box, all is possible! So if you wanna get a few more comments, this may well be worth the two minutes and two tabs it takes. It is a temporary fix....Blogger itself has to come up with a permanent
All three tales revolve around powerful female figures who are halfway between witches and goddesses. Once the maiden confronts the witch, she will never be the same again. She is utterly transformed. She comes into her true powers. As these tales weave themselves into the fabric of Kathrin's life, she claims her powers and true identity.
_William Seeley, 39, San Francisco. University of California associate professor and neuropathologist who studies human neurodegenerative disease.
I began by saying that the gay and lesbian community will not let me ignore the issue of gay marriage. This holds true as well for the majority of the population which is overwhelmingly heterosexual and must contend with the issue.
We are very pleased to finally reveal the all new Power Quest line-up. A farewell to members Alessio Garavello, Andrea Martongelli and Francesco Tresca was given at Saturdays final show @ Metalfest UK in Dudley. The bands finally performance took the Metalfest crowd by storm as they tore through a blistering set of Power Quest classics. Power Quest is now facing the biggest change in band history since they started in 2001.
One of the bolts on the valve cover that holds the air cleaner down is broken so Im planning to swap out that from the 87. I also plan to swap out the air cleaner since the one on the 87 is better.
Tools that I use:
I am not an expert in diets and healthy food bla bla bla
Judith Mercado
Perhaps correct subject-verb agreement deserves some recognition, too!
The Plot: A historical note at the front explains that Deogratias is set in late 1994, early 1995, in Rwanda, and gives background about the Hutu majority and Tutsi minority of Rwanda. This is a work of fiction; it is the story of Deogratias, a teenage boy who is a Hutu; and two teenage sisters who are Tutsi, Apollinaria and Benina. It begins after the Rwandan Genocide (800,00 to 1,000,000 dead); and has characters from all sides, the Hutus, the Tutsis, the observers, those who acted and those who did not.
You mean so much to me I want the world to see,
And the perfect Candi to go with this set is the Newspaper Candi. They come packaged in black and white, and the black ones I fournd were perfect for my card. The really cool thing about the white ones, is you can color them any color that you like.
They were singing,
Then put to the test.
Its a nice addition to the realm of teen heroes. Gwen is gaining her footing, building up sidekickser, I mean friends. Catching the eye of the hot guy, and get this hes a Spartan. (Yes, 300 is mentioned and joked about.) Big secrets (which are way too obvious to the reader) come out of the closet and Gwen is learning she has what it takes to be a true Champion of the Gods.
31. Touche Turtle
Of course there are some who do not want to rock the boat they have a roof over their heads, a nice car to drive around, three square meals a day and a comfortable job. In the end they chose to stay at home to relax or go shopping and let others do the battle for them even though they are equally affected by the bad governance of the present regime in one way or another.
for some!
says that his fiction always comes from something observed or experienced that then gets loaded onto and chipped away at and artistically distorted by his various obsessions. He says that Uncle Rock is based on an experience when he went to a baseball game at Dodger Stadium with his mother and a date and got autographs from a busload of NY Yankees, as well as a note soliciting his mother something like the one Erick gets in the story. He says he made Erick verging on mute, for Mexican Americans are both not heard and trained to feel. With that he said, the storys on.
What about the heart change? It has transformed even more than my body. I hope to the casual observer that change is even more obvious.
Id like to blame it all on Mary. Shes the wise and gracious blogger who signs herself Grandmother at Journeys into Elderhood. A couple of weeks ago she wrote here about a surprising discovery: Never a computer gamer, she now found herself spending hours on something called Dragonvale.
The latest is their ban on any discussion of the witch-hunt against Mike Easter, the campaign manager for Chris Jackson at the corrupt last Leadership challenge.
In a large bowl, combine yeast, warm milk, sugar and one cup of flour. Cover and let it rise until doubled in size.
We are taking it one day at a time.
The National Parks Board has a number of events at the Singapore Botanic Gardens in conjunction with Parks Fest 2011 as mentioned in an earlier posting : Getting Close to Nature : Parks Festival 2011
One interesting point I remember of my uninvited guest was his attitude to Tesco. Tesco opened an Express store near the Spar and suddenly the fridge was full of Tesco food rather than out of date Ginsters pilfered from the Spar. When I asked him why he wasnt supporting his employer by either using his staff discount card or stealing he told me he preferred Tesco and that now it had opened the job was great cos he and the boss eyed cashier girl he was chasing had nothing to do. I saw the writing on the wall. Within a couple of months I was out with them both for the Spar redundancy party and thats where I saw a tasty group of lasses across the bar and chatted up the chubby mate of the current squeeze. A fact I get reminded of from time to time. Now the reason I chatted her mate up was like most chaps Im a tad intimidated by beautiful women and thought I stood a better chance of a shag off her mate. Turns out I was wrong. The squeeze pulled me and six months later I was explaining to my flatmate that he had to pay the rent now or move out because I was getting mortgaged up with my bird and no he could not come live with us because the squeeze was freaked out about hearing him whack off in the living room whilst the squeeze and I were in my bedroom.
Dozens of parolees arrested in LA-area sweep
Riko said "No!" to
I don't remember how it ended but it was a pretty sweet dream.
And heres what I have to say: I really dont believe that kids who are overprotected will all end up crippled with incompetence and fear when they grow up. In a way, thats too bad, because it would probably be great for my book sales: Raise your kids Free-Range or forget it! Theyll be living in your guest room till theyre 60! And they STILL wont make their beds.
Best option for your Honor mounts is to wait for Alterac Valley weekend and farm the lot. You get far more HP for AV than any other weekend. Also do the quests from the AV entrance area to get further Stormpike reputation. Its not too bad and you can farm gear and mounts while you do it. I might skip this. I depends if an AV weekend comes up before I get 100 mounts and what else I am doing that weekend.
Pooplette got to have her first real Burpday Partay with invited guests. She turned four, and if you don't know, turning four is like totally THE social occasion. I asked everyone to please remember that this birthday was giftless, considering we're still in the hovel and have NO SPACE, but apparently my French is still terrible, or I was ignored. They were kind enough, however, to stick to small surprises, and we've somehow managed to integrate these new treasures without too much trouble. I blew up 200 balloons for the occasion, dumped all of them on the floor and let the kids loose. If you ever need ideas for a 4th birthday I highly recommend this. The kids ran around for an hour chasing balloons, tossing balloons, kicking balloons, and tiring themselves out in the process. No need to plan any activities because they're so occupied with the damn balloons that they just don't care to do anything else. Until the cake comes out, of course, but I honestly thing that was only because we had one of those indoor fireworks candles and that caught their attention. So, then we had cake. And that was good! But those balloons....
Id like him to get into recognising colours next but he will only learn when he wants to learn  Ive tried this in the past and if his mind isnt interested in something he wont TRY to learn!!
Anne~
In part two of the full DVD, he critiques various disciplines, both mystical and psychotherapeutic, which are said to lead to states of enlightenment. He proposes that states of enlightenment, if they are to be attained, must be gained in spite ofnot because ofmeditation, devotion, prayer, acceptance, forgiveness, or compassion. Stripped of all our pretenses, facing the despair of the human condition, freed of the imaginary diseases from which enlightenment may save us, we can build realistic and practical lives.
You have to season the gravy. I use only coarse salt-- never table salt. I add salt in 1/4 teaspoon increments. Add. Taste. Add a pinch more. Taste. Are you double dipping the spoon? Tsk, tsk. I always use a handful of spoons. See? It's safe to eat my food. Just ask my family what kind of germophobe I am. Ha! Pepper is optional. I like adding to my gravy. Leave it out, if you don't. So, there you have it, ladies and gentleman. Thick gravy, no lumps. Tastes good, too. I have two quarts of gravy and almost a quart of leftover turkey stock.
Very cold start in New Orleans this morning. Very grey.
4. We had band day today, it was pretty much watching the movie drumline live at our kids future high school. The most memorable part wasnt a song or an instrument though it was a moment. I feel blessed to have witnessed an interaction between two students that made me remember what was important, and I took pride in being able to share such a teachable moment with my kids. 756 some 5th graders from our county were filing into a stadium, we were one of the first schools seated in the bleachers so I was perusing those students coming in. Two boys caught my eye, they were walking so close, in fact they were hooked arm in arm, their smiles so distracting I didnt even realize that the one student was blind. I was absolutely mesmerized at how caring, loving, and proud his partner who was literally guiding him up the bleachers was. It looked like he had been given the specialist task of the day, and in my heart it really was. I got my kids attention and told them to look on, take notice what they saw, and remember how every day you chose to be the difference one remembers in anothers life. My teammate who was previously teacher of the year and is an astounding science teacher witnessed the moment and my reaction and a few minutes later pulled me aside and said you know what, our really good at that, recognizing that stuff, and sharing it with the kids. They wouldve never realized. Though numbers might not show it sometimes, today I felt like the most successful teacher ever.
Worse still, dailies ignore exigent kids. Their existence is denied by
So 8 months later, 2 months of silence on the blog and a few game changers later... this one thing remains...
It is true that the diaspora started long before the Roman onslaught and that Jews outside Israel had already abandoned the two practices I mentioned. But the temple was still there and its centrality to Jewish practice and belief cannot be doubted by any reader of the Hebrew scriptures. Jews abroad were still in a position to feel that all the requirements of their religion were being met where that mattered: In Israel.
I like publishing unfinished work here on my blog. It gives me a chance to show you the steps I take to get one of my doodles done. Here is a large family project that I am in the middle of. This is a surprise gift for the father. There are so many faces I'm having to drawn it on a larger piece of paper14x17.
(I didn't bother looking at the price because it was a size 10 and I'm just a size 8).
How's it feel A!? How does it feel!
and i realize, too, that at not-quite-two, we haven't really had to face serious situations where we find ourselves at forks in the road where choices get difficult and complicated. but we have always parented out of respect  first and foremost.
I finally found a quiet spot up stream.
I have been using this recipe for about 10 years. I first discovered it in an old cookbook that featured recipes that used brand names. It intrigued me because it used very little ingredients but were absolutely delicious, moist and perfect every time I made them. They even make a great regular peanut butter cookie and I like to add Peanut Butter chips to them, you can even add semi sweet chocolate chips as well and do the criss cross shape on top of them.
truth,
23 years later..
6. Everyday I Have The Blues***
If you can't leave a comment in the comments below, feel free to head over to my Blog Facebook Page and leave a comment there telling me to enter you into the giveaway. I will make sure your name gets added!
When we found our first positions, and every muscle rested.
Ours is prettier, she replies.
Then I became pregnant and once monkey had been born I took a few months out but eventually had to leave as his tea, bath and bedtime fell at Brownie time - first time mum, slightly anal about sticking to times to get him into a routine!
When the deal was at last in place, I had expected to feel great joy and a desire to crow to the world of my success. Instead, I felt great relief, and very self conscious about crowing, because I didnt want to crush anyone who was still waiting for their chance to crow.
Create some art. Doodles are fun, sure. But get more creative. Staples? Markers? Highlighters? Post-it notes? I dunno! Be bold. Example from my personal collection (COPYRIGHTED!!!):
Yet, I cant. God knows I have tried. Mostly all Ive succeeded at is realizing that I cant step away from my expectations of myself. Again, my question is why?
So back to Alison...a few weeks ago I received an email from her that went a little like this:
I like this Pepsi commercial better
(352) 505-3035
Sigh...I haven't taken my children to the pool as much as I would have liked. I haven't been to even one free concert or farmer's market. Fifi and Mark have not been round to visit MY house. I haven't taken a picture in I don't know how long. I haven't made any mosaic art in even longer. But I'm okay. One step at a time. I am a crummy blogger in that I don't document every step of everything I do, but I love this old house, and one of these days, I will have some pictures of the "after" to share with you. If I am actually willing to share them with you, it will be a miracle, because this redo is literally on a shoestring budget. BUT hope springs eternal, so bear with me. Later today, I'm taking my kiddos up to the mountains for a little fun for several days, so I will be out of the loop even more (no computer access-yikes! I haven't gone "computerless" in a LONG time).
story short: Burton cant ask us to laugh at Barnabass reality for most of the film, and then suddenly attempt to turn Dark Shadows into a serious and consequential battle between good and evil. For one thing, the movie never quite squares the fact that Barnabas is indeed the protagonist, but that he wantonly murders innocent people too. Thus the movie never decides what Barnabas should be as a character, except a non-stop joke-producing machine. It reminds me of the 1998 Godzilla. There, no effort was made to determine whether we should love the monster, consider him just an animal, or consider him an evil terror. Similarly, in Dark Shadows we are never sure to how to categorize Barnabas. Hes funny and likable, but hes also weird and murderous. We might want him to find love and happiness, but he should also be held accountable for his blood shed.
-Watch sappy British romantic comedies with Sister and her best friend (I am incapable of resisting to the appeal of Hugh Grant, Colin Firth, Liam Neeson, Alan Rickman, and others all in the same movie.)
All have the most amazing miniature related blogs, full of wonderful images & well worth a visit!
1/4 cup shortening
I have dined in the past at Zods other restaurant, Blu in Montclair. Many of my peers are of the opinion that it is one of the most creative and best fine dining establishments in all of Northern New Jersey.
Emma (no pause, no thought)- "I don't know, I am not a paleontologist. If I was a paleontologist, I would know about bones."
10. My Online Astronomy Journal - My Online Astronomy Journal is a community based website for amateur astronomers who want to record their observations and share them with other people. Membership is free and open to everyone.
if you're in west london, there's a party coming to a place somewhere near you.
Anyway  Ive been looking around various places (sources at the end of the post) and Ive compiled a list of uses that seem the most useful to me. here goes:
for he will not withhold me from thee
Above you see what I've been working on. I've been very prolific artistically these past three days. Inspiration is hitting on all sides. I keep getting more and more ideas. It is wonderful. I am setting up an etsy shop too.
Come on, Heroman. You have to catch me. Youve never let me down before.
The zebra looked so handsome with zinc upon his nose,
More about crazy 25pts lists for an upcoming crazyass tourney in the next installment. Enjoy the pics.
counting
Happy Birthday Jesus!!!!
The high from last weekend has only just faded. My regular practice partner says I feel like I've had an upgrade.
2010.08.31 Afghanistan Kabul 11 0 Eleven US troops on security patrol are killed in three roadside bombings.
There are other people who are masters at grudge holding. They carries their grudges around with them, heavy in their pockets, and at the end of the day they take out their grudges, and look at them, and polish them up like precious jewels, then they return them to their pockets to carry around the next day. Rinse, repeat. So, why do some people hold grudges? Many people use grudges to cut themselves off from the person who hurt them. They feel that this distance protects them, but in reality it effectively cuts off the chance for positive communication, resolution, and forgiveness.
Whenever Naruto is in trouble, he uses his sexy jutsu to suddenly create a bunch of pretty girls (Which all look like Naruto  hooray for the creepy factor!) and this technique generally causes any males that see this to suddenly nosebleed. The nosebleed is common across shounen anime, and it is used whenever a male sees a pretty girl and cant suppress his pervert nature.
Where will you be flying in to? I will try to meet you at the airport in order to help reduce the amount of time I have to wait to get my money. Seeing as Ill have enough money to do so, Ill hire a local celebrity (likely the man who pays a king eating meat off the bone in the local theater) to drive us. Just try not to talk to him too often. Hes a Hyperpolysyllabicsesquipedalianist and I swear he does it just to show off sometimes. What a geekburger with cheese. But we can have him drive us to Punxsutawney, PA where I heard they have the ultimate fist pump party down on Beaver Creek. The last time I went to a good fist pumping party, I ended up getting punched right in the jaw and it broke in two different places. Talk about your jaw dropping to the floor. It took 4 years of reconstructive surgery to get everything back to normal.
White, Pink and Brown Cardstock from the Papermill
Tiger Dress
We got into the car and decided to rush back home once we picked up my mum. I use the word rush very loosely because what usually takes a half hour in normal traffic took TWO AND A HALF HOURS
toner cartridge : 2600/80 = 32.5 books per cartridge : $1.07 per book.
My husband and I, never really wanting to use that four letter D-word (diet!), have been actually following a self-inflicted diet and fitness regime for the last two weeks. Today Im thrilled to say that I have finally broken my first weight barrier!
I've never forced myself to push away
Nina Patrice Bell, 39, New York, N.Y.
Decluttering the cabinets that I just cluttered up by clearing off my counters (in my opinion this one should have been before the previous; but since Im playing catch up, I get to do all these in the order I wantmuhahahahaha). My dish cabinets are pretty ok. Its the cabinet that I keep the food things in that is a nightmare. And my two kitchen drawers are also horrifyingor at least they were!
Its a smile you can get
DAMIEN: So tell me all about it.
Couldnt be a lily or a daphi daphi dilli
Pamela Muldoon is a Business & Marketing Coach with Next Stage Business, a training & consulting firm that specializes in helping Independent Professionals, Salespeople, & Small Business Owners develop marketing plans that work! She brings a 3-Step process to building a marketing plan that is simple, but not always easy. Pamela also launched Next Stage Business Radio in 2010, an online business radio station offering various programs for the small business community.
Confidence has quite few meanings and is used in rather a range of ways. The first meaning we find is:
So for those writers that read this, the next time you go out I want you to try this, and see if it helps you. It doesnt matter what you get, it could just be observing that lonely man in the corner, because you never know, that could be a good start to your next story.
something when I asked.
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes, and lets me know what pages and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
I like Thomas Hardy and George Eliot for their authenticity - they were actually seeing an England that has vanished. I like Stephen King for his quirky characters and Ian Rankin for his gripping story lines. I have also recently discovered Tess Gerritsen - a brilliant American crime novelist. I also like to read about the English countryside in bygone days - particularly books by the early naturalists such as Gilbert White and Richard Jefferies.
Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: A punishment for who?
* Mag lev
Love Elaine xx
It just goes to show what can happen when you keep your eyes open for creative opportunities and possess the tenacity to come up with work even without a brief.
The sea glass that's in the champagne glass? I found it in Maine - can you believe it? I literally jumped up and down and squealed every time I found a piece! I also found some sand dollars, which I showed you earlier:
So yeah, anyway, rant over.
Jakob Andreasen, Chief Engineer
The second season, we laid out a raised bed and filled it with a truckload of good dirt. My ambitions were BIG  peppers, tomatoes, watermelon, cantaloupe, squash, carrots, beets, green beans, strawberries, a raspberry plant and a blueberry bush. It was a dry spring and suddenly a wet summer. Our yield ran mostly to peppers and tomatoes. The melons showed promise before rotting from within. The strawberries stretched their roots but, as we expected from a first year, they were stingy about production. The other plants withered and quickly died.
A quick nod and eye contact with the 50+ lady clad in blue blouse affirmed to the crowd that I was next to her in the invisible line. Patience is not one of my virtues, so I decided to do my groceries first after affirming my place in the invisible line. I returned half an hour later, just before the French Baker employees started clearing the tables and chairs for the upcoming battle for half priced bread.
CATGUFFIN: a pretext for characters to behave in a way that might otherwise be construed as irrational or uncharacteristic, for example go wandering off on their own when there is a monster on the loose. (Alien, The Getaway (1994), The Tomb of Ligeia)
The film proceeds from there to show Caden taking this last bit rather too much to heart. Awarded a Macarthur Genius grant, Caden moves to a new theater -- a massive one -- and brings together an enormous cast and crew to stage what will eventually turn out to be Caden's own life, every part of it, parts being rehearsed (which is the other thing, the play is in a perpetual state of rehearsal) the day after the real events happened. But of course Synecdoche, New York is miles stranger than that. It's a film that includes things like one character, Hazel, purchasing a house that is always at least a little bit on fire (not my favorite bit of the film); or, after Adele has taken Olive to live in Germany without Caden, Caden finding his four-year-old daughter's diary, which at first is filled with adorable four-year-old girl things, but continues on, as the film does, through the years to contain all of Olive's experiences as she grows older (this was one of my favorite bits, clever and sad and endlessly rewarding); or Caden turning his stage into basically an exact copy of the city where he lives, with full buildings and streets, and nothing open to the audience (non-existent anyway) because to have buildings with open walls would be fake. And this last is really, finally, what the film is, structurally, or what it will ultimately become, as Caden's rigorous pursuit of the "real" and the "tough" results in various Cadens (one most prominently played by Tom Noonan) and Hazels (another played by Emily Watson) and maybe two Claires, as Caden must not only portray, say, a domestic scene, but now he must portray his attempt to portray that domestic scene. And all of this proceeding at the same pace as life, rehearsing on into old age.
Just some piano plonking, maam.
Unable to cope with the new rules of the game -- violence, mob riots, intimidation through accusations of racism, demands for proportionality based on racial numbers, and all the other social and political weapons used by the have-nots to bludgeon treasure and power from the haves -- Americans, like others before them, will no doubt cave in. They will compromise away their independence and ultimately their way of life.
Just go and look at WRH today. I don't think the page has ever looked worse. Every story is such a travesty. One wonders how on earth it got so bad. Like going to sleep with a mouth full of chewing gum. The damage done. On to the next one. My entire body closing down as the 57 trillion cells that I call me, sense the rest of its body's slaughter and heartache. I feel it to the core.
Ez now peeps!
I roll my eyes whenever the talking-heads on television debate these issues as each side blames the other for how bad things are. I am constantly amazed at how short sighted the American public is when it comes to these issues. They have been ongoing since the 1960s and only appear to get worse with each successive fix of the problem. It appears to me that the Democrats and Republicans are constantly arguing over how best to form the bucket line and bail water on the Titanic. One bucket line might work better than the other, but the end result is inevitable, the ship is still going to sink.
Before stumbling into the magic world of microsoft paintbrush i have tried my hands on real life paintbrush, crayons and other mediums.
This article is a little uncharacteristic for me, as I like optimism, especially about Pakistan. However, the views expressed by Sherry Rehman and Hafeez Sheikh in particular border on denial of the current state of affairs. Problems arent fixed by ignoring them. Anyway, that is enough grim stuff for now, it was still fun to get to see policy makers in action while being so far from home, and there were a few good takeaways too. I hope this article gets us on our way, Emad is off from class this summer and will return home so will have more time to write, and my harassing will certainly help him get out of his rut. Umair I see every week, so he better write soon. Those two are far better writers and too intelligent to not have their voices heard.
Chartis has rolled out Leaders Risk Protector, a modular-insurance plan designed for schools, associations and public entities and the exposures of their employees and management staff.
Happy Friddayyyyyyyyy!
Amelia Plume is a decently wealthy young lady looking to get married. She dreams of adventures and passion: she spends her time reading raunchy romance novels (insert laugh here, LOL) and wants to get awaaaaay from England.
And then, somewhere else, is a second version of myself. A thirty-something mother living in poverty in a third-world country, someone who has lost children to preventable disease carried in dirty drinking water, whose children dont go to school, not because she has fancy notions of homeschooling, but because she cant afford the shoes they need to walk there. Yet this mother sings while washing clothes, points out a flower struggling through a crack in the pavement, tells her children magical stories full of beauty.
Let me say I do not have a problem with his behavior here. As I said above, it makes sense after his ordeal. First Contact offers a rationale for his actions, excessively brutal though they may be, the later two films do not.
Next, measure out your liquid. This will be double the amount of oats that you put in your bowl. Now, this is where you can start to get creative. Most of the time I just combine 1/2 cup of oats with 1 cup of water, but you could do 1/2 cup of milk (almond, cow, soy, etc) with 1/2 cup of yogurt for extra thick and creamy overnight oats. You could even use some pasturized egg whites to get some protein. Do whatever your taste buds desire!
So, is anyone else planning to attend a convention this year? If so, which one (or ones)?
However, Rosa Luxemburg probably didnt have music on her mind. Of Jewish descent, she was brought up in Poland and from around age 15 was involved in left-wing politics. After fomenting a general strike, she fled for Switzerland at 18 (the other organisers were executed) and then settled in Germany. A prime mover in the Social Democratic Party (SDP), she was well known for her words, both written and orated. Often imprisoned, she predicted the forthcoming First World War and argued that workers should rise in a general strike to prevent it. When war came, the SDP struck a no-strike deal; Luxemburg organised anti-war demonstrations and split from them to form Die Internationale, which evolved into the Spartacist League. She contributed to illegal anti-war pamphlets, was imprisoned again and following her 1918 release was seized by Germanys Freikorps and shot. Her body was thrown in a Berlin canal.
What equipment do you have at your disposal? Wei went on.
from Broadway to the Hudson and the traffic came and returned.
AMC Block 30
Puck Connolly is a girl on the verge of womanhood. Newly orphaned shes facing losing her eldest brother, the bread-winner, to the call of the mainland and losing her home to the wealthiest man on the Island. Armed with strength of spirit, fear of suffering yet more loss, and her mothers pony, Puck makes the rash decision to become the first woman ever to enter the Scorpio Races.
Watch it here:
- Matt Garzas arbitration hearing is set for Friday which is really soon for a reason. The Cubs want to get the amount settled fast so they have the option to deal him because no team right now is interested in acquiring Garza. The reason is simple; they do not know the amount he will make next season. The Cubs submitted the bid of $7.95M while Garza asked for a whopping $12.5M. In a way you kind of hope they go to the hearing because I see it no way possible that Garza will be awarded a 7 million dollar bonus from last year to this year.
While shopping at our local Ross store I found an entry way cabinet that I just fell in love with at first sight. The price tag however was very high. The price was $179, ouch! I walked away. While shopping the rest of the store I couldn't get the cabinet out of my mind, so I decided to take one more look. While moving it around I noticed that the back has some issues as did the front corner. The back had a hole in it about the size of a quarter and a tiny crack. The front left corner had a little repair job (which most people wouldn't notice).
Cutting a long story short, the whole experience set me back quite a long way physically. It has, and continues to be, a long road back, but the improvement has been very encouraging the last couple of months.
1 tutor
I really love that it has Tris stood looking out over the landscape again like it had her on the cover of the first book.
I like the brighter, more colourful paintings better. They suit the room (esp. with the brighter addition of the blanket) and are a cheery scene to wake up to each morning, as I begrudgingly haul my butt outta my warm, toasty bed and face the cold, snowy world.
17 Weeping Willow
In East Barnet, this latest plan has been the last straw for many traders and residents and there has been an outburst of furious opposition to the proposals. This has rattled their local councillors, especially Robert Rams and Barry Evangeli. Some of these Barnet wards are not particularly safe Tory strongholds, and this sort of issue might well prove crucial in swinging the vote in another direction next time round, let alone affect the chances of any more ambitious political career.
One of the main obstacles an independent author faces is that too many media outlets refuse to give credence to our work. Although I have received support and interviews in local publications, efforts to get my books reviewed have been thwarted. Our local newspaper, The Roanoke Times, refuses to not only review any self-published author, but also accept reviews from others for self-published books. As I have been a paid columnist, as well as a free contributor to a blog, the irony is not lost on me.
We are coordinating a track within the above mentioned EAD conference and are inviting submissions on the topic:
Pauline Victoria Aughe lives in paradise. Hawaii to be exact. There with her husband and son, she works as an author, personal trainer, inspirational speaker and blogger. She does all these things without arms or legs.
Cerebus is the first of a great many phone books which collect his magnum opus, the 300-issue megaseries called (straightforwardly enough) Cerebus the Aardvark. At this point in the game Sims hot-button topics hadnt come to the fore, so it can be enjoyed for what it is, which is a spoof of the wealth of Conan-derivative comic properties. Although, with the benefit of hindsight, I cant help but wonder how much of his future lunacy was visible at this point in his career (comparing him, unavoidably, to Frank Miller, whose present-day lovable quirks were actually quite detectable themes even in his early work).
It's been a long morning already. Matthew fought me on going to preschool this morning. Normally, if he can justify to me his reasonings, I listen. However this morning after several failed attempts to convince me why he shouldn't go to school he says:
EDIT by The Husband: The Wife didnt mention that we had some awesome ice cream in Arica. While we were wandering around in the twilight we stumbled across some kind of night-time market (it seemed to be open as part of Chiles upcoming/ongoing fiestas patrias). There we found this nice lady and her freezer with eight flavors of ice cream. She foisted samples on us without our even asking; as I recall, she gave us big spoonfuls of pistachio, guanabana, coconut, mango and tres leches before we got around to ordering. MethylEthyl got pistachio while I had tres leches. Best ice cream weve had since arriving in South America, for 1000 pesos total. Come to think of it, I dont know what exactly tres leches is, though the name means three milks. It tasted like a mixture of fruits to me.
John Drumm  Vocals, Keyboards
In fact, Dogu-chan, is in many ways a direct spoof of "Cutie Honey."
Taste (0-10 points): Nice balance of malt and hops. Sets a nice backdrop for the vanilla bourbon flavors to play out. A very smooth beer, with moderate mouthfeel. Ten points.
* A couple of new non-stick skillets. I can even "legally" put these in the dishwasher because they actually said "dishwasher safe" on the box.
Riots! Havent you heard? Riots have broken out in Detroit!
AMP has used up what good faith it once had. There is no reason for anyone to believe that AMP intends to pay its authors or staff. Whether these concerns are intentional on the owner's part or the result of some external factors that prevent her from understanding the potentially devastating consequences to her if she continues to play ducks and drakes with money that is not rightfully hers I cannot and do not know.
We take any such allegation extremely seriously, the British Ministry of Defense said. It would be inappropriate to comment further while an investigation is ongoing.
Tell me about the dead head thing.
Raising her head slowly, she looked across to her friends. They both changed the topic, helping spare Leigh the embarrassment she was privy to. Naturally they were right, they always were. After a few days she could forget about Christian. Shed be able to surpass this event, she always did. Hopefully this other girl knew what she was getting into.
White Snapper Fish, 2 medium size
Last Saturday was the half way point for our Upwards season. Brody has been doing really good with his games and learning every week. Each week he receives 2 stars to add to his shirt - one is green for participation and the other is either red (defense), blue (effort), white (Christlike), gray (offense), or gold (sportsmanship).
I love the sound of the pound hooves, the quick breaths taken through enlarged nostrils, and the feel of the ground rumbling underneath your feet as youre holding your breath as millions of dollars of horse-flesh zooms past you. Its an exciting thrill, and one I wish I could share with everyone close to me.
The happy woman says,
Scot Meacham Wood - The thing that excites me the most at the moment is the complete lack of rules and trends in design right now. There is such abundance and endless variety. All of my clients are looking for something very specific to their lives and not feeling any need to confine the look of their home to any specific trend. Seeing that design has no boundaries, no restrictions, is a thrilling place to begin each project.
One of my favorite tastes of Paris is Poilne Bakery. It is not far from lAlliance, where I took French classes each day all day until I had exhausted every class you could take, and I remember my initial trepidation at ordering a simple loaf of bread in the bustling shop. It is also steps from one of my favorite dcor shops, Mis en Demeure. Among the lovelies of Poilne at lunchtime you can get a toasted open face sandwich called a Tartine, with various toppings, and often with a luscious French cheese. Their large classic loaf is a whole wheat sourdough, with just the right amount of tang and simple, natural ingredients. Its what the French call Bread, the old way, before yeast. The patriarche of the company was later killed in a helicopter crash with his wife, and the tradition is carried on by their daughter, Apollonia. I could go on for an hour about Poilne but will stop there. Dont visit Paris without a stop and the purchase of bread to take home or perhaps a sachet of punitions.
Body language was the focal point of the youth culture of rock. Dance steps were trained in the shadows of teenage rooms and living rooms while the parents were away working. They were displayed in public with the help of dance bands, juke boxes and rock'n'roll movies, accompanied with clothes, hairstyles and poses. As a part of this distinct culture words primarily functioned within phrases and served only a subordinate role in its language.
Todays post is a reflection on my beliefs:
Saturday we fed 150 people at a family reunion and I didn't collapse into the chair until 7 pm Saturday night.
John and I were staying about 15 minutes away from Heerenveen, in a little hotel in the middle of some farmland (technically in Steenwijk). The night before, wed come in tired, and looked around just long enough to admire the rustic wooden floors and to be grateful for the sparkling clean bathroom and crisp linens and soft bathrobes 
For the last nine years I've been a consultant for a company that sells easy-to-prepare food. One of my favorite products is beer bread. Here's a less-expensive and super easy way to have delicious bread in an hour.
Twelve short years ago, after seventeen hours of labor, I delivered him by emergency c-section.
In another plea for us to go away, the selling agent told us that even if the appraisal comes in at our offer price of $320,000, they are unable to accept an offer of less than $340,000. That's a huge red flag that we are right on with our above assumptions. . .and when that day comes (and it will), Dave and I will march into their lending bank and show them proof of the square footage discrepancy and our attempts to purchase their home, thus preventing the owners from needing to enter a short-sale situation. The bank, seeing the problem with their mortgage and not wanting to enforce or pay for a foreclosure, would also be on our side.
What if your doctor told you, "Go everywhere that you ever wanted to see, and do it now, your time is short."
No one at these comic conventions cares who you are, only that you look worse in your manga costume than they do.
A Jacksonville dentist is in jail, accused of trading prescriptions for crack cocaine.
making up words
Gods ways are radical and demanding. Gods ways lead to death. Does He love you? Sure, He absolutely does. Much, much more than you can ever comprehend. However, true love demands truth. Gods love is no different. Gods truth is that we all deserve death: not a fancy car, not good health, not dining out at the best restaurants, not new clothes, not physical abundance.
The big day came and as the justice of the peace was performing the wedding, Summer noticed all the people she knew sitting on the grooms side on the church. She became bewildered and the ceremony was over before she came back to herself. Travis, I dont know what youve been drinking, but your kiss taste like the bottom of my outhouse. How do you know Bradley and Geraldine Hayes? Summer asked him the moment their wedding kiss was over. Oh, Geraldine is my mommas sister. Travis said with a smile. Is there a problem? Summer collapsed. Travis caught her and carried her out of the church, as the people thought it was a romantic gesture. They applauded Travis chivalry.
To make matters worse, over the last couple of weeks I've had the chance to work in one of the boutiques and have tried on, and consequently fallen in love with, several pieces.
Eskenazi B, Gold EB, Lasley BL, Samuels SJ, Hammond SK, Wight S, ONeill Rasor M, Hines CJ, Schenker MB. Prospective monitoring of early fetal loss and clinical spontaneous abortion among female semiconductor workers. Am J Ind Med 1995; 28: 833-846.
The Great Eastern Shipping Sells Aframax Crude Tanker, Jag Labh 15
Because my Sudeley Castle post wont be ready for publication until tomorrow, Ill finish this post with two more interesting photos taken in Hverarnd, Iceland.
It was a very strange morning today. I left for work and wondered if my clocks were wrong. But there area a lot of clocks. They couldnt ALL be wrong?
Its more like back in elementary school where I had a potentially hung-over teacher say shed reward the quietest student with a piece of candy at the end of class. Only with German Ruhezeit (literally quiet time) no one will give you candy for your adherence. Unfortunately.
Before listing the articles, I have a confession to make. These are articles that were published in the latter half of the year, when I began to research the blog in earnest. So, if you think there are other articles worth highlighting please do list and link to them in the comments.
In general, Islam places a much heavier emphasis on the omnipotence of God, and therefore is much more deterministic in its cosmology than Christianity. By that I mean that Islamic theology has always been more likely to accept the idea that everything  even bad things  are acts of God, thus the range of things attributed to evil is smaller.
The Vernal Equinox arrives here in the Northern Hemisphere on Tuesday, March 20th, at 1:14 am (EDT)  bringing the earliest arrival of spring in 116 years. Wishing you and yours a very Buddha-ful season!
Apparently Wagner found the private eyes sealed report in Woods belongings the night of the boating accident. The argument the captain of the boat heard that night was when Wagner confronted Natalie with the envelope. Walken stepped in to take the side of Natalie, (His alleged lover at the time) and the argument grew quite boisterous and heated. The rest is history.
I lie
So, where did it all go horribly wrong for me this year? Well, for starters, I planted my sets in spring and then the weather was unseasonably hot. I've now read that some varieties just will not grow in hot areas or will only set one clove or no bulb at all. The other (big) mistake I made was to make the cardinal error of growing my garlic in the same bed as the year before - although I improved the soil with a top dressing of compost, the sets were still at the mercy of any diseases left in the soil from the previous year; this, apparently, can be another cause for no bulb. None of this, though, explains how the leaves grew looking like leek leaves - although the bulb also looks like a giant spring onion or green garlic. Hmmm, it will have to remain as one of nature's mysteries.
Imagine opening your e-mail at 4 in the morning to find a link to a blog that features some truly mouth-watering culinary creations.
After a careful and circumspect evaluation of the Complaint, the Court cannot help but agree with the defendant. For although we believe that plaintiffs have but the noblest of all intentions, it (sic) fell short of alleging, with sufficient definiteness, a specific legal right they are seeking to enforce and protect, or a specific legal wrong they are seeking to prevent and redress (Sec. 1, Rule 2, RRC). Furthermore, the Court notes that the Complaint is replete with vague assumptions and vague conclusions based on unverified data. In fine, plaintiffs fail to state a cause of action in its Complaint against the herein defendant.
Joined close to 2000 fellow union leaders and tripartite partners at May Day Rally 2012.
Kogii Kogii: 02-543-4244 in the back streets of Apgujung Rodeo.
Monday, April 9
DINING ROOM SOURCES:
Reaching the top, I cross paths with the grannies again. One performing her bows while another prepares to do so. She is caught in her backpack and I help her out of the tangle. Seokguram, I must say, is magnificent. Wholly beautiful. We stay inside the statue's housing for a time, then head out into the dark. I want to stay. I want to descent to a warm tent and stay until sunrise.
In all my earnestness (and absolute dumbness), I took the hundred rupee note back from him and before I knew it he was asking for his stack of hundreds.
Bass - Greg Demos
I missed the people, they were great and they made me feel at home while I was there. I admired the way they got stuff done, including building a quick-attack and a water tender around the time I was there. It was old school the way they made do.
For the next 12 days I will be ceding control of this blog to The Partridge, who intends (he says) to keep you entertained with topical Tales from the Tree. He professes to be reporting from the front line with branch-breaking news and cutting-hedge journalism. But hes a dubious character, so youd do well not to trust him entirely.
Rachel Renee Vickers and Clinton Ray Patterson were both from Poverty, but they didnt meet until they were attending the University of Kentucky. Rachel went to the private, Crimson Catholic School for Girls, right down the road from Poverty Central High School where Clinton attended. That first week of their freshman year, they passed each other several times in the halls noticing each other every time. Before they actually met, they both knew that they were meant for each other. It was love at first sight. When they did meet, they were shocked and surprised that they lived only a few miles apart and had never met. And while attending UK, they were inseparable and were voted the most loved couple on campus, four years in a row.
When I graduated from my undergraduate degree, however, I moved into London and no longer had the space for much model making or workshop equipment. Life changed too and London had lots to offer and plenty of places to explore. My interests also change slightly. I became very interested in sustainability and reusing objects. It was Victor Papaneks The Green Imperative that changed my view on life. I started to view objects and consumerism in a different way and set myself the challenge of not buying new clothes for a year. I found this remarkably easy and I got a real kick out of rediscovering my wardrobe again.
Yes, I did stand for the leadership and yes, I did shake hands with Eddy Butler. That was before I saw what a moronic level this party and its structure has descended into, all crying out in the name of Britain and in the name of the BNP. What a fool I have been! It has now come to my attention that old friends, the first that I ever met when I joined the Party in 1999, that do not hold any status other than that of true activists, have been bullied and threatened not to work with me in any capacity. I may have resigned the whip, but for good reason. I am still a loyal member of THE PARTY. Managements come and go, as do leaders, but the stakeholders always remain the same.
We may have complained about getting up at four in the morning to go to Phoenix, AZ. but once we were on the flight, our vacation had started. Flying was part of the vacation not like now where it is something to live through with great dread and anticipation. Was there a difference in first-class and economy? Sure, but either was fine. We always went economy (and we could stretch across 3-4 seats back then) until one day I think we begged our dad to try first class, it was a matter of twelve or eight dollars per person. It was hard to go back to economy after that.
Part of the problem is the very buggy nature of Blogger on my computer these days. Due to the hack, I can no longer long in as the administrator, only as a contributor. Therefore, I don't get the standard full module, and on top of that, the module I do get to use is buggy and inconsistent. For instance, the photo below should be centered. Blogger will not let me center it. After a frustrating day of working on the new house, I just can't stand to be teased and mocked by a computer.
The big night came and the holy family paraded out, followed lastly by the guru himself, who then perched on the highest throne. Now I have told you all of this to get to this point. The crowd began to worship the guru and the other members of the family. At this point one of my band mates nudged me and told me to look at the family on their thrones. When I did this I couldnt believe what I was seeing. They were there, but they had changed. They looked different. There were other entities that night that manifested on that stage and looking back now almost 40 years later, it is my opinion that what I saw was the demonic manifestation that in-dwelt each of these people.
14 Love on the Rocks With No Ice
B: When I started out I was over idealistic about it. I didnt work through booking agents and managers you know? I went directly to artists and it turned out I could only really book friends, I guess. A lot of artist are willing to take that risk. And I was on to something with that on some level but as the festival grew I had to book artist I didnt know and then I can have those relations ships. But the festival is this organic, home grown, intimate event and then the reputation is that a place where you come and take risk and hang out and feel the pressure. Big festivals can be a lot of pressure because youre playing in front of a large crowd and the media is there. People always ask me if we will move it to a bigger city and I say no because it definitely wouldnt function in the same way. And Ive been burned by that, by occasionally having an artist who doesnt get it. There on tour and their tired and thats unfortuante/ But in seven years thats happened to me once or maybe twice.
Now that strategy looks in danger of failing (unless Capello defies the odds in Poland & Ukraine next summer) the perception is that there should be an English manager again, but one that has a proven track record.
"As you may have guessed, this machine is for the purpose of increasing the length of the path of the particles in any liquid or solid body -- a sort of stretching machine. Every particle has its own period of vibration, and to increase the length of the vibratory path one must get into tune with the vibration, so to speak. If one tries to increase the length of the swing of a pendulum, he must move his hand at the same speed and vibration as the pendulum. If we can push the particles in some way in their path so as to increase the length of their paths, we will reach the point where the size and speed of the particles will cause them to become invisible."
Apologies for the lack of posting folks, but recently things have been rather busy at Mordue Brewery. On top of the seemingly endless hours of racking, brewing, washing casks, sorting out brew schedules, rescheduling brew schedules and so forth has come the risks of utility and ingredient shortages and the burden of watching over so many fermentations. Why do they come to me to die? Why do they come to me to die? For the last few sundays now (the only day I'm not working around 12 hours) I have felt unable to do hardly anything at all but sit slightly traumatised for most of the day within a fantasy world of lying on a reclining chair sipping camomile tea in a Japanese garden with no sound but that of the running water features.
I wanted to say that Im not sorry, he blurts and then turns Todd swiftly and canters away. I dont move. I cant breathe. Henry and I are just friends. We always have been. Ever since I moved here weve been together, but its never been like that. Ive never had a boyfriend, not that I didnt want one. But I never thought of Henry in that way before. Hes too old for me. Im just sixteen and he must be at least twenty-one. The age gap isnt extreme, but I promised that Id never marry anyone older than me. My father was twelve years older than my mother and I saw what that did to her. Not that Ive ever thought I would marry. Mother always said I was an independent person. I didnt want to need anyone or their help. So far its worked out. Ive been helping Henry, not him helping me. At least, thats what I tell myself.
Ramon Rosario, 19, was part of a group of men who allegedly called themselves the headshot committee, who terrorized people in their homes during violent home invasions, reports The Palm Beach Post.
I'm tired of guessing what others are thinking, of analyzing, or trying to figure out if there is a place for me in your life. I don't want to chase anymore, I'm tired of running, I'm tired of trying.
We are staying at Shunko-in Temple www.shunkoin.com (check out their site  its in English and really great). It is part of the large Myoshin-ji Temple complex in Northwestern Kyoto, which is the largest of Japans 14 Rinzai sects  Zen Buddist. I thought we hit the jackpot as we walked through the complex looking for our little piece of heaven. But actually the room was somewhat dissapointing. Its tiny, which I expected, but it has some fairly ugly grey (clean, just grey colored) carpet, not tatami. I guess its understandable since they cater to foriegners who wouldnt know how to treat tatami. we are also right next to the showers and then the toilets. Well see how well we sleep. There are only 4 rooms so it might be ok. You can hardly walk around the futons to get to the little desk and 1 chair. But its clean, has wifi, and Im looking foward to the zen meditation class in the morning.
Colt McAlister is drawn into a war against things he thought only existed in comic books.
Gracias, and blessings for continued fruitfulness and a little rest this winter.
The unpent enthusiasm, the wild cheers of the crowd for their
Bought this one after reading Nicola Morgan's wonderful review of it. Sometimes a book sounds so refreshingly different to everything that's come before that you just have to buy it and read it yourself. This was no disappointment. If you like all your books to be much the same as each other, written in similar styles and following a similar plot, don't buy this one. If you enjoy new writing styles, unusual narrative voices and different plots then this has all that.
Today, I went tile shopping at tiles etc. and from a fantastic selection, I managed to narrow it down to a choice of three. From these strong potentials and on a tight deadline, I picked one shown here.
Effectively meeting the demand: - Staff should be scheduled as per work or productivity demand, more staff during busy shifts and fewer employees during slower times. Under staffing results in employee exhaustion, poor staff retention and ultimately to negative customer experiences due to poor quality of product or long waiting periods. Over-staffing can be costly and can eat into profits.
I) To enter on this website simply leave a comment on this post and tell me your favorite Hutt and why.
Hello, Dear Readers. Today, I have some apologies to make.
STILL THEY RIDE
I won't ramble on too much about Provex City because I've discussed it in detail in earlier posts and there is a dedicated menu above on this blog, but I couldn't do another "P" post. Forgive me. For anyone not familiar, Provex City is my first novel, young adult fantasy, which I released only about a month ago in ebook format on Amazon. It is the first book in The Lorne Family Vault Series and a project I had been working on for almost three years. It was a hard decision to one day stop querying agents and commit to self-publishing. I was tired of waiting and wanted to continue telling my story. Now, I'm about 80% into my first draft of Book 2, writing before work and on my lunch breaks. My goal is to have it out by this fall.
Szechuan Peppercorn Foie Gras, Candied Citrus Chutney,
My plan to mold a pre-made pie crust into smaller pieces to fit into muffin tins failed. Naturally, the dough tore when I tried to shape it. Why did I think that would work? Left with pie crust shreds, I abandoned that idea and baked the entire thing as a pie  a butter pie  which required a longer baking time since the contents dimensions changed. Id already screwed up the filling. The recipe specified using table syrup that contained 15% maple syrup. When I ran out of the corn syrup I bought bulk at a natural grocer, I substituted half a cup more maple, which threw everything else out of whack and left maple syrup pooled at the bottom of the pan, encasing the pastry in an amber-colored gel. Then I ran out of brown sugar, so I added more granulated white in its place. After an hour in the oven at 375 degrees, my pie was cloyingly sweet. I ate half of a slice and nodded off while reading forty minutes later, from the sugar buzz.
Whats the biggest writing (or creative) mistake you ever made?
We had a full weekend together, with an extra day since school was closed. Wednesday mornings, this morning, I drop them off with their other parent.
Remove from oven, cool and then pop it into the fridge for a while. We had ours with cream but I didnt think it needed it. If anything, Id have mine with a big scoop of vanilla ice-cream.
1/2 tsp ground cumin
It's a homey, hippy-ish neighborhood place: the kind with chalkboard menus, communal tables and newspapers, and warmth from the kitchen's ovens.
The lake was indeed beautiful and I reached it easily -- though I had to stick to the map and color coded trees like gum. Some parts were flat and easy to navigate (old roads) but others I would have never known were trails if they hadn't been marked. This was not a place I wanted to Get Lost -- I just wanted the challenge of getting to the lake.
Apparently there is something called "Paris Syndrome," as described in the Wall Street Journal review. Thomas Chatterton Williams notes: "Though more than 15 million foreigners visit Paris annuallyit is the most visited city in the worldParis Syndrome is not exactly a pandemic. But it is the extreme end of a spectrum of disappointment to which all visitors to Paris will feel susceptible, if they linger long enough."
The Heartland conferences have been too big for the media to ignore completely, though coverage has been spare and grudging. The conferences are also a morale booster for skeptics, who tend to be isolated and relentlessly assailed in their scattered outposts. It is worth adding that Heartland has always extended invitations to the leading mainstream figures to speak or debate at the conference, including Al Gore, NASAs James Hansen, and senior officials from the U.N.s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. (Heartland typically receives no response from such figures.)
I do beseech your majesty may salve
Six livery drivers were indicted on charges of promoting prostitution. Individuals who paid for the services of the prostituted women are expected to be charged in the coming days.
The bank of drawers and the sink are actually one cabinet. If it were stock, there wouldn't have been room for a cabinet of drawers, only one of those skinny cabinets to hold trays and cookie sheets.
Spellbinders Lacey Circles
The design has sat in a box all this time.
Im going to be nice.
Wednesday Night: Dinner with my friends! I can't wait!
Cardstock: Stampin' Up -Very Vanilla, Sage Shadow
Things, her love our own showing
Will I somehow make the scene with my liberal-bashin
Israel is a false Israel? Oh? Then Jacob was a false heir who stole the birthright.
Another Pinterest find! This one I consider fully dumped in the "score!" category. It. was. awesome. What makes this recipe stand out, by far, is the "cheesy yum" (the original recipe creator's term, not mine - but isn't it fun to say? cheesy yum, cheesy yum.) at the bottom of the bowl. It really does make the soup taste like lasagna.
1 if'n
For me it didn't get bad until after the D&C. I suppose I assumed that it would be the same this time. But then I have to remind myself that it was almost as if I had 3 weeks to deal with the shock of it all before I actually "lost" my baby. This time I knew that I couldn't deal with the emotional turmoil associated with waiting for things to happen naturally as my body obviously has a very difficult time letting go. I gave myself one day to let in soak in, to say goodbye to my sweet child, and then took Cytotec again (which this time didn't even make me bleed at all) and had the D&C on Thursday.
Though her choices are interesting, more interesting is why she makes the choices she does. There is a particularly poignant moment in the film, in which she refers to the disparate career paths of herself and her siblings. Without ever changing her facial expression or tone, she seems to reveal a bitter sibling rivalry. She says, flatly and maybe sarcastically, that her siblings are saving the world, and they find her work vapid and meaningless.
But there are still bands out there that can put together a hell of a good album, and this series, like my old bliss-out posts, is a little celebration of albums, particularly the ones that are well-built... and perhaps it's an elegy for them too, now that the album as artform is becoming less and less relevant in the face of music videos and EPs that can boast a higher hit-song to track-listing ratio (available for 99 cents on iTunes!)
17. The Flaming Lips - Embryonic... I have only listened to half of this album, but I like the direction these guys are going. These are not simple tunes that catch you right away - you have to work at them a bit.
To help make the day extra special for the Ladybug, her Nana Schoo came out for a special visit.
I dont really have an action point for this post. I dont have any happy promises to wrap up the ending. Recounting the little incident still makes me feel furious. I take refuge in expressing anger (and sometimes bits of humor) about the culture of street harassment with other women, especially Stephanie, who has lots of stories in this dehumanizing department. But we dont have any solutions. You get used to it, you adapt. You vaguely dream of a world in which your daughter might be able to exist as a human being, free to walk on a public street without being regarded as a sex toy, a manipulable body who owes mankind a smile. But that is often too hard to imagine.
There was also concern that course reductions would further increase the time between enrollment and graduation, negatively impacting Santa Monicas rate of transfer into 4-year colleges.
After some time inland, I started missing the ocean, so I made my way back to the Pacific. Montezuma was next on the list. It was more of a traditional paradisegorgeous deserted beaches and waterfalls for showering  you knowthat sort of thing. Most importantly though, here is where I met Jens and Esther, a young married couple from Germany that I have stayed in touch with until this day. (I even went to visit them in Germany a few years ago). Rather than feeling like a third wheel, it felt like wed known each other for ages and not just days. We ended up traveling and rooming together for over a week and I will always remember their impact on my Costa Rican experience fondly.
they are too much =/
Instead of saying: You idiot! You're ruining your child. My way is so much better.
In lieu of an actual review of an actual movie, lets review what we have at hand  that poster in the upper left of this article.
B: The first full series of episodes were released last year, and proved to be a great hit with fans  what do you think was your best achievement when creating the series?
The play surges back and forth across the field, time running out on us. The tension mounts, minute on minute slipping away.
I started biking when I was training for our backpacking/hiking trip in July. When I found out I was pregnant I was happy that I'd already been working out so much, since you can continue anything you were doing beforehand. So I've been riding my bike 4 days a week to spread my wings a bit.
The spring was a pretty wild one this year - lots of bad weather and storms. Thankfully, the only damage done was to trees and yards. Summer was better, a little warm, but nice. Adam and I got to take a vacation in late August, the first we've had since we were first married. We went to Gatlinburg/Pigeon Forge, TN for a week. We had a blast! It was absolutely beautiful! We got out and hiked a few different places, one of them was the highest point in Tennessee - Clingman's Dome at 6,600 ft. We actually drove about 90% of the way up and then had to hike the last 1/2 mile up. It was very, very steep and cold! And there were people in sandals and t-shirts. :0 Crazy people! We also went White Water Rafting - awesome!!!! Although we were both a little scared before we got started, it was almost over before we realized it. Thankfully (if you can say that), our guide was the only one who fell out. It was actually funny, and he was pulled safely back into the raft (and apparently had to buy drinks for all the other guides later that night b/c he fell out). We also got to see a couple bears in the wild, which was neat (a little scared, but neat). It was amazing to see God's creation. I'll add a few pictures to this blog (if you have Facebook, I also have several of our pictures there, too).
AND WE GET CRITICISED IF COUNCIL RATES RISE BY 5%!!!
- A Child has to perform to get the approval and love of the father. If you make a mistake in your life, in your steps or works in what you do, you are treated like a dump. (Always remember God love us unconditionally, its not based on what we do or not do).
So may thy hospitable board With health and peace be crowned; And every charm of heartfelt ease Beneath thy roof be found.
1 celery stick, chopped
New Deal of Love by Hank Thompson
You can find all the rest of the details right here on Michelle's blog. And while you are there, give her some extra virtual hugs to thank her for her support of IHeart Organizing!
For these two specific examples, RGIII and Kalil, nothing leading up to the draft or during their careers have sent any negative vibes about their potential. RGIII is a Heisman Trophy winner and each of his interviews have been exemplary. The Baylor standout has awed fans and scouts alike on and off the field. Nothing has even hinted that this future NFL QB is a selfish me-first player. Is he just good at interviews? Does he revert to his true form when the cameras are off? Only a select few people know him in that context, unfortunately I am not one of them. RGIII looks like a good prospect with a bright future with a team that will need him.
Actress: Viola Davis, The Help
revisionist history
The ink is delicate.
(13) Know how to Mic Check: One easy way to convey information to large groups of people is by using the Peoples Mic. One person (or a few people) first yell Mic Check! Everyone who hears them responds by echoing Mic Check! After that, one person says a few words and pauses to let the crowd repeat those words. If you hear someone mic check, let them know by repeating too; that way, the people around you can also listen. However, if you disagree with what someone is saying, you dont have to repeat it. This is a useful way to make spontaneous, democratic decisions. However, you should also be aware that false or misleading information can sometimes spread quickly this way, so dont assume something is true just because it was said over the Peoples Mic. (Hint: If you hear people chanting Shame! or The whole world is watching! it often means that police brutality and/or arrests are happening nearby. If youre trying to avoid arrest, go the other way. Or, if you want to help or document, head over!)
Its the response to your anxiety thats
I found the perfect spot for the sign over the archway that separates the living room from the front entry and stairs. Someday I will replace the ick light fixture you see reflected in the mirror...
Weve discussed Beveres doctrine of tithing and his belief that if you submit to leaders like himself, God will make you rich and receive double portions of Gods Spirit. Read it here:
Recently my attention has been drawn to two articles in the local Cape Town newspaper highlighting Sex Work in the city.
Heat sugar with the water and corn syrup in a heavy saucepan over high, stirring occasionally, until syrup is clear; clip a candy thermometer to side of pan and stop stirring.
Anyway, thanks to Anvilcloud who had a link to someone who knew exactly how to remove the difficult word verification system introduced by Blogger, I am now word verification free! So, I would suggest you take full advantage and leave a comment! Without difficult word verification introduced by Blogger!
By silent understanding
In either case, your objectivity is now shot full of holes, and it becomes COMPLETELY PERSONAL.......
Xilinx Research Labs/NCSA, FPGA HPC  The road beyond processors, Jul 2007, here. Need more current references but I keep hearing the same themes in arguments for FGPA HPC, so lets think about this for a bit:
Inov-8 gaiters
Numerous articles in the press have chronicled how few active managers have achieved positive alpha, performance beyond their respective benchmark. The theory goes like this, because only about 20% can achieve positive alpha the better answer is to not seek alpha at all, but to invest in passive investments that mirror an index.
ANDthank also to Anne Hale, we have a fabulous badge for this years event. Its on the sidebar and also below, so go ahead and post it somewhere proudly and link it back to this post.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
-No ,Jasmine,he doesnt !actually his undying love for his love what makes my love for him grow bigger and bigger. He never show that to not hurt me ,but I heard him praying for her ,shes deeply rooted in his life.
Hmmm, interesting, I must have led a sheltered life  Ive never heard of Opposite Day. Ive chosen Emily Dickinsons short poem Hope and almost feel I should apologise to her for making something so beautiful into something so desolate 
The sugar bowls empty,
What a world, my friends, what a world.
We won fair and square. And by over 300 points. Boo YA!
I chose to use chips and salsa for my appetizer and chicken fajitas for my main course.
fly to Geneva, Switzerland, and travel around while on Christmas break. Her flight from Geneva to Paris to Pittsburgh was to take place yesterday. So, with snow in the forecast, she had to travel from her small village, Louhans, by train to Geneva. Well, she didnt want the trains to not run and miss her flight, so she left 2 days early and stayed in a hostel for two nights.
Behind her, Notia said, "What happened? Where'd the Gateway go?" Her tone made it an accusation.
Tomorrow we are going to take a short trip and we will be away from the computer, internet, iPods, cellphones and everything, so Ill be back in a couple of days.
Wendell Marshall (Bass)
LET ME SHOW YOU MY NEW NAIL DESIGN. WOOOHOOO. CUPCAKE X ICECREAM INSPIRED. Hahaha. I did it myself, yes, that's right. ^^.
Britain's streets are littered with the victims of non-white violence, whilst in America more whites have been killed by non-whites since then end of segregation than died in the Korean war. Yet it is these few, already tried, white defendants whom the governments consider their priority.
I'm no different. I was actually a latecomer to the drinking scene, not really getting my feet wet until a year or so before I was legally entitled to do so. Prior to that, I'd have a couple beers now and then, but didn't really go much for the hard stuff. That changed sometime during my sophomore year of college.
Baring was born in 1874, the same year as Chesterton and four years after Belloc. A younger son of the first Lord Revelstoke, and an heir to the Baring international banking dynasty, he enjoyed all the trappings of privilege. As a child he was looked after by a succession of nannies and governesses in the sprawling opulence of England's great country manors and the dignified splendor of London townhouses. His autobiography, The Puppet Show of Memory, evokes a world of wealth and cultured comfort, furnished with servants and characterized by a savoir vivre that would be beyond the reach of later generations. It is invaluable as both elegy and eulogy to a dying world and as a testament to a blissfully carefree childhood.
In the December, 2010 issue of Art Review, I invite you to read my review of Alberto Burri at the Santa Monica Museum of Art. This is a link to the article online.
Unparalleled in its personalized accents, each of ARIAs guest rooms and suites are the perfect haven to retreat to when you decide to drop the curtain on the party. Dive into awe-inspiring views of The Strip from your sprawling Corner Suite or Deluxe Room and indulge in an almost endless array of amenities, from touch-screen room controls to custom furniture.
1/2 small onion, finely chopped
In groups of three students either improvise or plan a death in 30 seconds. Other students play the detective and figure out whether the death was natural or murder, and what evidence could be used to decide. Depending on the class, scenario cards can be given to groups to scaffold the activity.
At Mahopac Golf Club, par 35
And I'm still a mascara and lip gloss only girl on the weekends!
The second one is my first pantograph that I think is good enough to actually at least donate. It's called Flipping ferns. I think I"m actually getting better, but still need more practice. I have a chair on wheels now and that seemed to help a lot. It's pretty hard to quilt when your looking at paper and not the quilt! This one is made of flannel, both sides, nice and snugly.
636 D-XI/15/1972. First Things First: Still Another Lecture for the Student of Law. Law Students Conference, National Lawyers Guild, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois.
70. Dropkick-Time Cuts The Ties (Sound Asleep)
"Copy that."
Team Rodgers did something fun last week...we went to the new aquarium at Crown Center.
Merit.
Be here. Be present. Be true in thine own Glory which doth you shine so miraculously as a buttercup.
My new role at work has been mostly challenging in good ways, but its also been a little rough around the edges. I think after last Fridays workshop things should improve and I wont feel the need to get up and take a walk whenever the phone rings.
"Approach problems with a light touch. When your mind moves toward a problem area, you tend to focus on that situation so intensely that you lose sight of Me. You pit yourself against the difficulty as if you had to conquer it immediately. Your mind gears up for battle, and our body becomes tense and anxious."
We fall upon our faces, trying to go;
Mile 9 - 10:47
For this collage, I blurred a photo of rocks to use as the background, put borders on the photos, increased the caption border, and added text underneath.
For my fellow inspiring writers out there this fear may resonate with youWaiting on the editor. I often wonder if the desire to become a published author is some form of self-hate or self-abuse. The utter agony we put ourselves through once we finish a story, an article or whatever master piece our brilliant literary mind came up with, borders torture. At least for me it does. It does not matter how many times my husband tells me my newly written work is awesomesauce (his made-up compliment) I always tell myself the story sucks, it could be better.
Have you ever heard the call of the wild ?
George Eliot:
Nice, isnt it?
a child tries to guilt couples considering abortion into having their child by documenting its progress in the womb. Its horrible, as youd expect, right up until almost three minutes into the song, when Mark Foxs creepy child-voice announces December 28: today, my mother killed me.
Written by: John Newton
Without another word, Nik plugged the disk into a slot on his left gauntlet control pad and a small screen in the bottom left of his HUD winked into existence. The video recording that followed showed something he never would have believed had it come from someones mouth. From the time the door blew open to the time the man with the mask walked out of the room was shorter than he would have believed possible. And the power displayed was simply incredible.
Oh Holy Hell just run for the hills now.Seriouslygrab the women and children and HEAD FOR THE HILLS.
6. Change equals growth, not pain.
And I didn't even spruce those up in photoshop one bit!! I really wish the Legion of Honor was a teeny bit closer to my apartment - I have a feeling I'd be there a lot taking pictures.
who will be the one?
The mystery guest, I learnt - though I should add that I cannot confirm this, is to be Nick Griffin, of the British National Party, the racist, neo-nazi group which has had significant success in local elections in Stoke on Trent and has several local councillors. It has been involved in agitation locally, most recently organising a national rally in the city. Its criminal activities, convictions of its activists and financial irregularities are well documented
Beginning in early childhood, Rachel displayed difficulty with basic cause and effect and experienced problems with logical thinking and seemed to have a confused thought processes. Rachel still exhibits difficulty thinking ahead and difficulty with abstract thinking and auditory processing. A marked difficulty in expressing herself well verbally is also present to this day. Eye contact is a definite problem for Rachel. Most people with dissociative disorders do not make eye contact with those they are speaking to. To them, it is a way of maintaining control.
It may seem concerning from a rule of law perspective that both Messers A and V are very well known to all branches of law enforcement and are on good terms with them. That is not as unusual as we may like to think and is not exclusively a Ukrainian thing. Many a career criminal in the UK was/is on cordial terms with the law. Familiarity when it comes to who you meet regularly in your profession and all that. Such things are never always black and white until circumstances force them to be so, particularly as you climb the tree on either side of the line.
Chapter one: Its not polite to stare
For us to maintain our way of living, we must tell lies to each other and especially to ourselves. The lies are necessary because, without them, many deplorable acts would become impossibilities. Derrick Jensen
Carla, their daughter, was born just before I graduated college. My boyfriend-now-husband and I proposed to my parents that Spring that we take a camping road trip out to California on their dime. They declined and wisely offered me the consolation prize of sending me to Spain (alone) to meet Baby Carla. B got stuck with a couple of brand new sleeping bags and a tent and no trip at all; I spent a glorious month in sunny Spain. (Not to worry: later B and I would get married and he'd get to go to Spain with me. And, as is the case with all children and my husband, Carla would like him better.)
True, it's technically a mess. It's randomly punctuated. The dialogue is all over the place. The characters are bipolar. The sex is vanilla. Typos abound (at one point Christian stared at Ana like "a bacon in the night" which made a weird sort of sense, actually). Ana has this really weird habit of doing figure skating jumps off gymnastics apparatuses. And it started out as fanfic, which I get the impression I'm supposed to be all up in arms about. But holy cow. Do you know the last time I read that many words in such a short period of time? Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
For days I practiced handing my stress over, my pain, my anger, not just at this particular experience, but with everything. I have been practicing it ever since  and I have felt profound shifts, whenever I remember to use it, Prunella et al make me forget regularly, but they cant make me forget this experience. It has made me more present and far more aware.
In 2001, Kelloggs finally realised their combination of ignorance and arrogance had led to dismal failure in India. They realised that they were not going to change the Indian consumers age old eating habits, in one short decade, and that they needed to change their strategy to succeed in India.
Untouched, a memory no time can fade
Paul spoke twice of us being temples. In 1 Corinthians 3, he addresses the fact that the Church is bickering over following various human leaders (hmm that sounds familiar). He points out that we all have different tasks and that we collectively, as the Church, make up Gods temple.
My journey into the music media industry has been a relatively easy one  thus far. Yes, Im no big shot, and getting pieces published are still as rare a spectacle as a two-tone wearing khaki boer  comb in socks  attending an In Flames concert. But through various endeavours, and special arrangements, I have had the privilege to interview some of the big boys within the musical playing field. Taking my interviews, and the pieces I write very serious  I make it a priority to not only be well rehearsed, but also in possession of a different and unique set of questions, that will make my interview as memorable  as an interview can possibly be. I want bands and musicians to step away from my interview thinking, Fresh perspective, down to earth line of thought  not just another mind numbing interview  something worthwhile. 
safe and free
I can't believe how many friends I've made since starting this blog and how much I've learned and been inspired by all you crafty friends of mine!
Like Positive Hardcore?
Visit www.edvest.com for more information!
White the rushing of the iron wheels is stirred?
Maurico Mendoza, my lawyer, is picking up today (no telling why they couldn't give it to me then and there) and I will go to his house tomorrow afternoon and pay him for his service.
This year, for the first time ever, I attended my employers Christmas party. And my sister Carly agreed to be my date. Despite much wining and dining, however, she still never called me back. I guess my hands were a little too frisky for her liking. What can I say? Only got one thing on the mind, nympho that I am. Nonetheless, I was the lucky winner of a one-hour iridology appointment valued at over $100. Naturally, after googling what that was, I panicked. Besides the usual, Ah! Ill have to make small talk! and Shell be really close to my face. What if she notices upper lip hair or, even worse, bad breath? I also worried about the state of my health. Maybe the iridologist would find signs of heart disease, cancer, stroke. Maybe shed foresee the sprouting of back hair or the infiltration of nose warts. Maybe shed just turn to me and say, Listen, you obviously know youve gotta lose some weight. Do it, okay? Then well talk. If eyes are windows to the soul, then irises are gateways to hell. Or so I thought at first.
I shall not elaborate much on the food since I didnt try them all (only took small bites), but overall they were tasty and nicely flavoured. I will definitely return another day to try more of their stuff with Hubby.
She says she doesn't mind flying, and she loves boats! (I would imagine the faster the better!) Rumor has it that scooters and skateboards suffice as well! I overheard her say that she wouldn't CARE if she was stuffed in a box and MAILED somewhere -- as long as she gets to TRAVEL!
some  not so much
Mamiffer is the project of husband-and-wife duo Aaron Turner (whom you may remember from such acts as Isis and House of Low Culture) and Faith Coloccia (former Everlovely Lightningheart). Mamiffers 2008 debut full-length, Hirror Enniffer (Hydra Head) was an otherworldly exploration marked with unfamiliar, often uncomfortable pairings, such as a simple, clean piano melody layered over a menacing cloud of grey fuzz.
The insert only extends to about 2/3 the width of the bag. That extra space in the bag (below  its shown on the right side)  is where I stuffed my water bottles. I had originally thought that I wanted water bottle holders or pockets on the outside of my bag  but  once in the field  it worked to be an advantage to have room in the bag for the bottles.
Rather than feel threatened by NEXTs rapid ascent, veteran editors who know the industry inside out told me confidently that that paper would not make it because it was too sophisticated for the Nigerian market. When I asked to buy a copy from a street vendor last June, he had to disinter it from the bottom of his huge pile of other newspaper titles. It was almost as if he did not expect anyone to ask for it.
The humble sandwich has been elevated in recent years and its a trend that we applaud. Choice ingredients, house-made sauces and breads and creative combinations can make a big difference. Kay Bobs is hitting the sandwich market with a restaurant just across the street from Vanderbilt Medical Center. Its run by the owners of Pizza Perfect, which is located next door.
As you'd expect from a book comprising three other books, Three Great Novels is a weighty tome, clocking in at over 600 pages. And in fact copies of this hardback edition of the omnibus aren't that common; paperbacks are plentiful online, but hardcovers number in the single figures, and go for at least thirty or forty quid. I struck lucky on this copy though: it's a little grubby, but then it cost me less than a fiver, so I can't complain. The hardcover's scarcity may be down to it being the first time that these novels made it into hardback in the UK (large print editions aside); unlike the US, where all three were initially issued in hardback by St Martins, in the UK Serpent's Tail published the third book in the trilogy, Down by the River... in paperback in 1996, then followed it with A Firing Offense in 1997 and Nick's Trip in '98, also both in paperback. Not sure why they decided to publish the third novel first, but maybe it was just to stay abreast of the 1995 US publication of the book. In any case, effectively, Three Great Novels represents the UK hardback debut of all three books.
Upon returning to the States, Don went to California with the Sam Donahue band to record "Command Performance", "Mail Call," etc. for airing to the troops overseas. With the advent of VJ Day, he was discharged from the Navy in Washington, D.C. and returned to Chicago to rejoin Les Brown. During this time he also worked for Benny Goodman. Jacoby decided to settle in Chicago and went on staff for ABC performing on first trumpet with the Don McNeill Breakfast Club for 9 1/2 years. Soon after joining ABC, Don's second son John was born, and then Bill, his third son. While in Chicago, Jacoby did many TV shows, including the Martin and Lewis Comedy Hour, the Ed Sullivan Show and numerous local shows: the Bob and Ray Show, the Danny O'Neill Show and the Tom Duggan Show.
Photographer Mr Toledano made this series of photographs to examine how if, with plastic surgery, "we are creating a new kind of beauty. An amalgam of surgery, art and popular culture? And if so, are the results the vanguard of human induced evolution?"
And what the hell was with the comment about how he had been planning on missing the flight? Um, pretty easy to do. Just dont go to the airport, dumbass. Well, we got to talking to the couple that were timing him, and it turned out hed been asking the wife if she knew how many people the plane would hold. And hed been mumbling something to himself for quite a while before wed sat down across from him, I guess.
Now a first crescent is exciting, with its promise of things to come. But best for me is a moon at first or third quarter. With the sun's light sweeping across the face, the craters and mountains shed long shadows and the edges are accentuated. That's the time to grab your bins and point them skywards. It's a time of dark rumours and fuzzy borders, not just the happy, smiling man in the moon - and yet a time of definition and clarity. That's what the moon is for. To remind us that life is mysterious, and some truth can only be found in shadows.
Supporters tout Malema as a young Nelson Mandela, based on the former president's rebellion against ANC leaders in the late 1950s to push successfully for the party to take up arms against apartheid.
The acting ranges from passable to amateurish. Over and above this, many fine performers in the show are miscast. For a show thats ostensibly about murderous roving bands of S&M Amazons, there seem to be no genuine (or even apparent) bad girls in the bunch. For example, Elizabeth Stewart as Electra, the leader of a gang known as the Furies, is a terrific dancer, and a fine actress. But she has the misfortune (here) of possessing a willowy, graceful stage presence, radiating sensitivity and intelligencemore Mary Steenburgen than Tura Santana. Most of her fellow gang members are likewise far too sweet for their roles, more suited for a Girls Volleyball team than the Roller Derby that is required here. The exceptions are Leasen Beth Almquist, whom as the evil Queen relishes her role archly, and her three Go-Go Boy minions (Brian Rubiano, Freddy Mancilla, Preston Bruger) who treat their brief moment in the sun with 500% enthusiasm.
I didnt get to take too many pictures because I was too busy looking at the showrooms and chatting up with people.
But your statement, "just the kind of clever idea your high school science teacher would be wrong about," is, in general, precisely the kind of thing I'm railing against.
Life Lesson: Jesus Christ will enable and empower you to minister in His directives.
and I become a missed-connections poster.
First of all, I will say for the record that I like this protest. I don't necessary agree with everything being said (I agree with most of it), but I like the fact that Democrats are finally standing up and letting their voice be heard, instead of simply standing by and waiting for the president react to their complaining. Now, for the record, I'm still a fan of Obama. I think that he's done his best in a terrible situation, and I think that once he's re-elected we'll see a whole different president in term two. But, I also think that Obama's "best" has been reactionary to an obstinate congress, who because they are divided, can basically get nothing of substance passed. The Republicans in congress have made clear that their main goal is to "make Obama a one-term president". So with that as your focus, it seems like getting any real governing done would be impossible, because those ideas are antithetical to one another. If Republicans allow the president and Democrats to pass some bills with a sprinkle of Republicans ideas and a sprinkle of Democratic ideas, the Republicans still lose being the president will be shown to be getting things done. And god forbid the bills actually do what they're intended to the do; the economy could actually improve, and then Republicans would really be screwed.
Math is a simple equation editor that lets you lay-out and display your mathematical, chemical, electrical or scientific equations quickly in standard written notation.
4) Purge: Amy says that a good look at the items in your closet could help to put your spending practices into perspective. Plus, if you havent worn something in a year, then chances are youre not going to. Donate it to go Goodwill where it will resurface in the reuse market.
But Arham did.
Alan Paul
Please note that I am writing this tutorial for a me-sized belt  i.e., one that will fix a waist of approximately 26-28. If you need your belt to be larger or smaller, you will need to adjust the elastic (and possibly the pattern pieces) accordingly.
Make the day seem to us less brief.
Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery Willow Creek Pale
11.Which living person do you most despise?
Perception of value.
Main Imagery: Body/Dress by me Nancy Baumiller...Feet is a magazine cut out...Face from TeeshaMoore.com...Hat and Arms are magazine tid bits.
her mom and dad and I sat
Anthony Demas, 61, New York, N.Y.
Overall, the most votes went to Contribution and making a difference, which indicates that about two-thirds of you (67%) are out there doing what youre doing in order to make the world a better place!
First act was Mark Felgate. He has a brilliant way of using ventriloquism in his act without having a dummy. Hes a bright and breezy kind of guy, very likeable, sufficiently silly and with a good rapport.
3. Place the aluminum bag on a frying pan. Cook for about 7 minutes in medium heat. Done.
47. Piano Man -- Billy Joel
The gig was a success (well I think it was). The stage was plenty large enough for me although the large groups were a bit cramped on there. The sound was good with a couple of good sound guys who just efficiently got on with the job and delivered really good results - impressive given the range of groups and solo artists. Everything was running late - I never really knew why, it was already late when we got there in the middle of the afternoon, due to that I had to cut to a set of about 30mins - I was pleased with how I did that on a personal level, i.e. calmly and evenly.
David Lynch is no stranger to horror. Though his movies may not be seen as typical horror (or typical anything for that matter) he definitely knows how to craft a nightmare scenario. Its hard to explain why his films and images can get under your skin so well, but no one has truly captured that strange feeling of a dream spiraling out of control than Lynch has.
I've been here in this house 11 years next month (12 1/2 on Skye) & I've never seen a rainbow falling down the front of the mountain. If you took a photo you wouldn't believe it yourself. If I hadn't gone out I wouldn't have seen it.
Category One: Utterly Random
"And her death is what you wished for, is it not?"
Malaysia
2. Next, I always like to ask this question- what research did you have to do for this book? Particularly the French phrases, are you already familiar with the language or was this your first experience?
pasta, cooked and drained
Id really like to be moving quicker than I am.
Atwater Crossing is a strange and wonderful place -- 2 blocks of industrial buildings house creative offices, artisanal manufacturing facilities, locations for photography and film shoots, and theaters, and the events there are eclectic and funky. The area surrounding the Kitchen portion includes a small screening/performance room, a wine and beer bar, and that courtyard dining area with a couple communal tables, as well as a bunch of single-party ones.
Scary HUH?
Sarah took my manuscript by the throat and tore it apart, pointing out a looong series of swordfights do not a novel make. Now, Sarah knew what she was doing. Before she was an agent she'd worked long and hard as a publisher and her editing skills remain second to none. She will make your book better, much much better.
O Death, where is thy sting? O Hell, where is thy victory?
The 'charge is based on the loss incurred by us. This claim is absolutely baffling. What loss?? The author pays Elm Publishing to publish their book, then charges them for returned books it claims can not (sic) be delivered, because they are destroyed in the wholesale network to keep the costs low. To keep whose costs low?  It certainly is not the authors. They are paying for books pulped at the distributors!
So not only does it cause your Xbox to die and need the tea-towel treatment, it may blow you up also.
Whenever I've watched Dance Moms with her, my reaction to said moms constantly bitchin' and moanin' about the dance teacher's constant bitchin' and moanin', the questionable taste in costumes and routines, the apparent favoritism, and the snarky backstabbing and sniping at each has been the same:
So today I'm studying the tapes of the opponent. I'm looking at pain, analyzing its trick plays, and working on my own strategies for leading people through the game victorious. It feels good. It feels fucking great actually.
I mean, if she were always busting something open needing stitches... Or if her bones broke easy ... Or if she threw up every time somebody called her name. THOSE are things that would be scary, annoying and a need for immediate medical attention. (Ok, maybe not the vomiting thing.) However, choking is not one of those things that you have an extended amount of time to assess the situation, decide on a plan of action, and then fix the problem. You've got a window ... a tiny 2-3 min. window...
Finish with a light dusting of loose powder. I use a powder puff to apply mine. Rolling and pressing in a downward motion.
You know, I really thought it would be over by now. And by "it" I mean the Republican nominating process. I figured people would calm down and get in line and go in the direction the party elders want them to go. Such has not been the case, and now Washington State is next in line.
Our efforts would not have succeeded this far without the genius of the boats skipper and his friends who have pitched in on the whole glorious affair. To counter-balance all of this practical brilliance and to stop us feeling too positive we are also dogged by a Greek chorus of shaggy old men who stop by, often for hours at a stretch, to shake their heads and tell us that what were doing is rubbish and itll never work.
So I would like to offer you some basic ways to start to understand your mis-belief, if this is an avenue that intrigues you. The reason I like it, is mainly because we can ALWAYS change a belief that we hold, so it is never too late to start, and there is no such thing as wrong way. This is comforting, because sometimes it feels like lots of things are wrong. I like the idea that its not wrong, its dissonance. I seek harmony, and a rich voice.
The governors budget proposal includes cuts to higher education totaling $265.4 million. In addition to the State System reduction, three of the four state-related universities will see cuts totaling $146.9 million, community colleges, $8.8 million, and the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency, $27.2 million.
Everything about them. Sitting on the edge of the sidewalk till your butt is numb, or being smart enough to drag a lawn chair out there with you, because standing up for an hour seems so overrated. Even though loads of people are walking for miles for your entertainment.
General Geldenhuys is a gentleman or as he sees himself, a diplomat soldier. He never swears. And the thread throughout his book is his outspoken love of the troops who served under him and his respect for his enemy. He says his soldiers who served in the Border War do not deserve the politically correct brigades deliberate twisting and manipulation of history.
Little Esther's Blues by Esther Phillips with The Johnny Otis Show
Grease and line a large round cake tin.
Well, Benham Rise is an undersea region that was between 40 and 2000 meters below the waterline when it was discovered in 1933 by an American geologist surnamed Benham.
Have you ever read something that has moved you like this?
- 13 FT USB Cable with internal cable storage
No I don't wanna gain a pound.
Take Koy, a very pleasing and popular 24-year-old massage girl from the Northern Region of Isaan, who earns about $2000 monthly-an enormous sum for massage girl or any Pattaya worker for that matter. Yet, Koy, who says that shes had hundreds of sexual play-for-pay offers and hundreds of marriage proposals in the few years shes worked massage, she steadfastly refuses to sexually satisfy any customer for any amount of money. She relies on her professionalism and her charm to win over all customers-keeping them coming back for more time and time again.
I challenged Him by saying- Fine. You want me to talk to Mary? Have her walk through that door right now. Then I'll talk to her.
my hotmail account not associated with this blog, just HAPPENED to have a lapband email address in it and was hacked and sent out emails to EVERYONE i ever emailed from that account.
He was a hypochondriac of the first order.
zest and juice from 2 limes
The apostle was now showing to these Jews that Jesus Christ was not only alive by means of the resurrection but that He was using Paul, the Apostle to go to the Gentiles.
The iDA-X305 comes with a large Double-Action Rotary Encoder Knob  for maximum control over all music search functions like QuickSearch for finding your songs or adjusting your volume. This knob can be detached
There are some totally Talented Artists in this class, and since I am a "Letter Art Newbie", it can be intimidating; however....I kept my chin up and continued on!!
But, in fact, it was not boring at all. The coherence of design made it feel more transporting than outdated. It wasnt too grand nor too somber. It was unbelievably tidy and sunny. You could smoke almost anywhere, even when they asked you not to. It was quiet. It was, to put it plainly, a dentists waiting room the size of the Worlds Fair.
By Erinn Proehl
Your typical personal characteristics are: a desire to improve yourself and others, to evaluate things and people, to handle symbols of value (including money), to bring a social trend to a conclusion; devotion to a personality you consider great, self-overcoming, yearning for more light.
I attended two of them, one of which was a gathering of mothers from my daughter's school (! There were shots! OF TUACA!), and the other was a nice get-together with Karla May and the Malcontent Mama, and their darling daughters. With that kind of invitation, YG of course could not resist coming with, and - voila, a BIG GIRL PARTY ensued.
Ironically, only hours earlier, she had published an article about the secrets of avoiding a hangover on New Year's Day.
6 eggs beaten
Rid me of myself
It is very rare that I will watch TV. Even rarer that Ill actually start watching a series. I generally watch one episode and just never get round to the rest. So Ive seen one episode of The Wire, one episode of 24 and one of The Sopranos, possibly 2 of Lost but you get the idea. I have a few notable exceptions. All have no more than 6 programmes in a series and were either on BBC iPlayer or 4OD so that theyre both digestible and can be fitted into a relatively sporadic lifestyle. All happen to be British as well but thats probably just a semi-interesting aside.
It is with deep regret that we must inform you of the passing of Michael Jackson, the Beer Hunter, who died yesterday at his home in London, UK. We learned of his passing from our colleagues - Jay Brooks at Brookston Beer Bulletin and Julie and Daniel Bradford at All About Beer.
and vertere meaning they
Fantasy Faire April 21-29thNOT just for Fairies
Please send me an e-mail if you have any questions about the kits!
Water softening also reduces the cost of your weekly shop as you need less detergent, less dishwasher tablets and less toiletries to get the desired effect.
In a small bowl, whisk dijon mustard, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, salt and pepper together.
Character Generation
I realize that these arguments are a bit low brow, but we are not dealing with smart people here. We are dealing with libertarians.
A few weeks before the party, I started brainstorming and sketching. I finally decided to just do a simple pink cake with the pink and white owl logo, a white shell border, and vertical piped pink sides (sides similar to the carnival birthday cake that I did a while back).
But, then the cage exploded.
by Fanny Flagg
11 Whatever
As the recent flare-ups in the presidential campaign have shown, America's still pretty messed up when it comes to race. Even though we're not naive enough to think such problems can be fixed by a blog post, we'd like to do our thang to bridge the divide.
A check of the Mr. Beer Fans Forum yielded some useful advice along with frequent admonitions to be patient and leave the thing alone. Several of the local experts suggested actually pouring a bit of the product into a glass for inspection and taste testing. Per their input, if the wort still has any sort of sweet taste to it, then its not done fermenting. Ideally, according to the brewing gurus, the product should taste something like flat beer.
The wilderness of opposition isnt a good place to be at the best of times and these are far from the best of times for Labour.
Ellinee This is a great blog that provides free printable stationary and templates for making gorgeous paper crafts ideal for your wedding, baby shower, or any party. They have some incredibly awesome stuff thats totally worth checking out.
by Albert Mohler
We all felt better afterward. M-girl and D-boy went on to play together after lunch, the best of friends again. Hugs are amazing. So are cookies.
We started our hike up to the Pinnacle via the Grand Canyon. Its not really so grand as the one in America, but it is still magnificent in its own way.
To have Rangers out of administration requires (a) a successful CVA to be agreed before next season starts, which I think is impossible (Niall, I will come back in detail to your through analysis of why it will happen) or (b) an entity to be playing as Rangers which is not in administration.
I plan on writing about the trip in Seam Reap in the next several posts. I have some places I would like to recommend to my friends and readers if they go to Seam Reap.
VLEs dont make it very convenient to give feedback-only.
8:30  Cougar Town (ABC): Jules struggles to accept the fact that Holly, the mother of Graysons baby, is a part of their lives, and it doesnt help when Travis and the young mom share an attraction. Meanwhile, Andy mulls a mayoral run on a platform involving beach weddings; and Laurie helps Bobby make sense of his inappropriate comments at the cake shop. This episode also has Barry Bostwick, which should be super-exciting for those of you who are my roommate.
The last couple of weeks have been non-stop in my life. Last week was the busiest with every minute of every day seeming to be filled with something. I got pretty decent sleep every night, but my days were so jam packed full that I think it wore me out.
The group is in favour of direct military intervention, and their money funds the Ugandan governments army and various other military forces. Heres a photo of the founders of Invisible Children posing with weapons and personnel of the Sudan Peoples Liberation Army. Both the Ugandan army and Sudan Peoples Liberation Army are riddled with accusations of rape and looting, but Invisible Children defends them, arguing that the Ugandan army is better equipped than that of any of the other affected countries, although Kony is no longer active in Uganda and hasnt been since 2006 by their own admission.
Written by Sally Wainwright, who has a real ear for genuine-sounding dialogue and an eye for the details in life, its also quietly political. Instead of reporting to a patriarchal figure, the boss in Scott & Bailey is female  DI Gill Murphy (Amelia Bullmore). Unlike Jane Tennison in Prime Supect, she doesnt blaze any trails: she just is. As Russell T Davies, the acclaimed screenwriter who cast Sharp in Bob & Rose, The Second Coming and Doctor Who, observed: Even now, Scott & Bailey is remarkable just for being a cop show led by three women. The sheer existence of that show shames the rest of us.
Coupon. (cooo-pawn)
Laurel managed to fight his way back and was quite vital for almost another decade.
Butter, Shortening and Margarine can be substituted for each other in equal amounts. The flavors are different, but they perform the same.
two brothers: Philip and Bartholomew
Today's spooky Halloween offering isn't really spooky at all! This is one of four Halloween layouts I will have to make this year. Normally I complete a two page layout for each of my children, but this year there will be one more. It seems that no matter how old we get our family still loves Halloween (what was it I said yesterday about fun for kids of all ages - yes, I meant all of us).
And in time they hoped their hearts would start to mend.
Judging from the sales weve seen going down at apartment gallery openings to checklists full of red in established galleries, it could be said that even Chicago is feeling the art boom at least somewhat. Part of that boom is the practice of doing open studios at graduate programs. So if you are a gallerist, collector, curator of otherwise, get over to the School of the Art Institute Friday evening to tour the spaces.
Len said she coped very well with a dance that doesnt suit her bubbly personality. Bruno said she had great attitude, but it needed to be a little sharper. Carrie Ann said it was good but it lacked her normal exuberance, which Carrie Ann wanted her to express as passion.
"What are you gonna press now?" I ask.
I'll be headed to Lowe's this evening to pick up a couple supplies for this weekend... we're about to start our biggest DIY project yetpainting the kitchen cabinets! We're finishing up the open shelving installation tonight (I couldn't be happier with them, btw). I'll have an update in a few days with our progress.
That's me done for now, and here comes Kristen with the recipe . . . . . . .
My cumputer has been threatening to crash and I am also out of space on my harddrive.
the last, chores not done without endless nagging, food scraps are left by the video game controllers, and especially when my parental authority is called into question, might I not be entitled to a little daydream?
Does anyone need a new knitting project? RRP 9.99. Can't take the credit for this one I'm afraid- I borrowed this link from a friend. If anyone gets it, please let me know! I'd love a corgi, and I'd be your best friend... (Ha! I wrote this post before Pootle saw this and said exactly the same thing). Genius! I also like the Arch Bish...
If I feel so inclined for a farther walk, I wouldnt be surprised if I made a jaunt back into Brier Creek. The walks are pretty, just dont ask me to live there.
The modern university, indeed the word university itself, was born in medieval Europe in the late eleventh and twelfth centuries. Derived from the Latin word universitas, the university was a guild, a private [corporation] of students and teachers. Such universities arose organically, although they had their origin in a well-defined curriculum that was already several hundred years old (the trivium and quadrivium). The medieval university also birthed the lecture; because of an insufficient number of critical texts, many teachers turned to reading from the book itself while their students copied this information down as notes. That this teaching method has survived into the twenty-first century either suggests its pedagogical usefulness or the powerful role tradition has played in shaping the modern university.
Thanks so much for stopping by and hello to the new followers! I appreciate you all so much! Once I hit 100 followers I'll host another blog candy giveaway!!
Dont get me wrong, I LOVE my job. Love. And I ADORE my students. ADORE. And I never complain about any of it, because I love it all. But when some douchebags who have never done this job complains about how were overcompensated, well then, objectively, theres a lot to complain about, and I could go on. So please stop me or Ill have a hernia.
Happy Easter, eggy humans! "Do you prefer boiled, scrambled or fried? That mas the option the Daleks gave me once."
I believed most of the answer is YES. Me too I love Rainbow!
Finely grated zest of 1 orange
Davidson was a big game performer. Some of the best performances of this New South Welshman came when the odds were stacked against him. He took 11 for 222 in the Tied Test of 1960 (and scored 124 runs) even though he was playing with a broken finger. Starting as a lower order batsman and part-time bowler, Davidson graduated to the role of strike bowler in 1957. After that change, he took 170 wickets in 32 Tests at 19.25. For almost half a decade in the late 1950s and early 1960s, he was the most feared fast bowler in the world. Remarkably consistent (he averaged below 24 against all opponents) and exceedingly menacing, Davidson was the greatest left-arm seamer the world had seen till then.
Knit until entire piece measures 6 inches.
Angry protestors had attacked a police car, causing it to flee and crash into at least two people.
Dug my way out, blood and fire
Shag stepped up to the ageing whippet.
Rebecca, Mrs. Claus (Moore) is worried that her exhausted, workaholic husband (O'Carrigan) has lost his holiday spirit. She believes she can help him recapture his bliss and secretly heads to the one place she knows the spirit of Christmas must still exist, the place she fell in love with Nick - New York City. In a crowded diner, Rebecca befriends Joe (Bryk), a caring cop who is worried about this kindly grandmother, who's alone and low on funds. Joe reveals he and his wife Lucy (Helfer) are in the middle of a divorce. Sensing that Joe is still very much in love with his wife, Rebecca agrees to work temporarily as the family's nanny until Christmas. To Rebecca's delight, by healing Joe and Lucy's family, she shows Santa that Christmas miracles are still possible and his job's more important than ever!
She needed a Valium or Percocet. Her head hurt like hell and she had work again tonight. Normally, she would not work back-to-back nights, but her habit was getting expensive. Her purse was on the other chair. She didnt remember putting it there and rolled her eyes as she stuck her foot under the strap and brought it toward her.
"...banners work like most advertising, which is to say in a fairly complex manner.For instance, click-through is actually a poor measure of performance. Its impossible to click through a billboard ad, for example, but that doesnt mean its not effective... The same is true for TV ads..." Oh, I see. The now famous "nobody ever clicked on a TV spot" defense.
Besides foretelling an increase in pollution, these figures make it abundantly clear that providing shore power for visiting ships should be well within reach financially. Based on an article presented on the C40 Cities website, for cruise ships berthed in Seattle, which provides shore power, running cost per call was approximately $5,000. Granted, electric rates are lower in the Northwest. But, using these numbers, the projected 264 calls in NY would cost a total of $1.32M. That works out to about $2.05 per projected passenger. Even if the cost was 5x higher, it would total about $10 per passenger.
I had all these plans for my birthday. Outdoors,spirit-chasing solitude and contemplation, cool water, calmness.
If there is one piece of advice I can ever give it is these three little words!
Preheat olive oil in a large saute pan. When oil is shimmery, add scallops and saute until sauce begins to thicken and scallops start to brown, no more than 3-5 minutes.
Intro- Part 1 of coloring Sunny Baby With A Hat by Ashley Scheffler
Besides being very talkative, she is not interested in sleeping at all.
You obviously havent read the Constitution recently, if ever, the Federalist Papers, or even David McCulloughs book on John Adams. You ought to take the time while riding around in your government provided luxury executive jet to do just that. You represent Socialistic and even Marxist principals that our founding fathers tried to avoid when setting out the capitalistic republican form of government represented by our Constitution.
Fans can also get special VIP packages that will include amazing seats, VIP pre-show parties, autographed memorabilia and exclusive merchandise. Check www.ticketmaster.com for more information about ticketing and VIP package offers.
Controller Model : Sun STK RAID INT
fine brittle hair
the music won't last.
1 contours
Look - he did a perfect sulky ear swish.
Who are these millionaires? well 23 of the 29 in the cabinet are! Heres just 23 of the 14,000 millionaires to benefit from a 40k tax cut funded by the http://tinyurl.com/3xz33wd
Barely 5PM, it was prime feeding time for birds, who were crowded at the feeder. The sound of hundreds of happy songbirds was simply gorgeous. And then I noticed a clematis that had flopped over and tied it back up, and the more I stayed outside, tending to my neglected gardens, the more I realized what I have been missing by not slowing down and appreciating all the beauty around me. As I weeded and deadheaded, it occurred to me that perhaps my desire to buy new makeup is a based on a love of color. I don't need to buy stuff that clutters my home and my mind when I can enjoy all the beauty that nature has to offer.
Did you watch the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony on TV last night? This photo is of last year's beautiful tree (view more photos here) I contemplated going to the ceremony but when I heard that President Obama was also in mid town Manhattan last evening, attending another event, I decided to wait another year. I knew all the added security would make a very crowded event even more difficult to see. I'll visit this year's tree as soon as I can -- I never miss seeing it! Happy December 1st!
However John James Preston "Big", would have married me years ago.
Due to the fact that I have started to concentrate more on digital and photo art more than traditional mediums, I wont be posting to this blog as much anymore. I have started another wordpress blog called Embracing Life Digitally to showcase all my things photographic, digital and haiku  a far cry from where I started out as a blogger in 2006!
As long as I can remember, I have always carried some sort of calendar with me, pocket sized, day planner sized or hang on your wall size. And within the pages and small daily squares, contained the abridged version of my life at a twelve month glance.
The key to your life, obviously, is multi-tasking. No one multi-tasks like a mom. So, you know how all those kids are always needing a bath? And even when they aren't particularly dirty, it's just a lifesaver to get them in there splashing away?
"so. how are we doin? am i getting out of bed to showr or am i rolling back over to sleep?"
When God created the world, he knew the people He made would eventually get themselves into trouble - and His own son would end up paying the price.
April gets two glasses out of the cabinet and places them on the counter.
Great, you guys should come together, said Dada with the voice that just couldnt contain the happiness of having thought of a idea that supposedly seemed brilliant to him.
you might judge
Are special to me.
and there may possibly be the odd scrap of ground elder, but I didn't plant it, I promise!
The bank was all picked. That was the easy part.
Frankly theres not much I dont like about this little vibe. It does what it sets out to do and does it well. The controls are intuitive and I like that they light up (all the easier to see in a candle-lit bathroom) and that theres a separate on/off switch, so you dont have to flip through a million whizzing settings to get to off once the business is done. Its the small things, you know.
Details about 14th-century birthing practices and beliefs are rendered with sharp clarity, as are those regarding food preparation, living conditions and social customs. For a time Alyce works at an inn, learning myriad ways to economize by cheating the customers (e.g. adding sawdust to pies and water to beer). But she finds her true calling as the apprentice to the local midwife, and one does not doubt that someday she will be a formidable one herself.
Hope you will also like the flight simulator 2006 and enjoy your adventurous flight to your favourite destination.
Bullying is a very serious issue that can result not only in immediate physical injury, but in lifelong emotional scars as well, said Angela Mohan, a California-based licensed marriage and family therapist and member of the California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists. Bullying in 2012 isnt the same thing that parents may have experienced when they were young. Teens face bullies at school, home and in the online world. Theres no escape.
The truck driver said he usually had the phone's headset in his ear most of the day.
While I am at the 2012 AWDF Championship and Team Challenge, I plan to experiment with different metering modes and see if it makes a difference. In his book, Mitchell recommends that less experienced photographers stay with evaluative mode, and I agree. Even the pros, such as Mitchell, find the evaluative mode, which is the default mode for most DSLRs, works very well. But I am curious, so check back to see the results of this experiment. If you have any experience with using different metering modes in Schutzhund or other types of photography, I would love to hear from you.
X Factor has a lot to answer for. Despite the fact that my foreseeable weekends are now indentured to the talent show, Ive also developed an unlikely style crush on its underdog Wagner. The ironically hairy Brazilian may have been sheared from the show by the time this goes to print but something tells me theres life in those snake hips yet.
I wholeheartedly agree that it would be madness to go back to the political policies of the 1960s. It would not only put us back 50-odd years, but it will also cause certain members of the UN synagogue to experience mild heart attacks, while they decide how many troops should be deployed in the country.
This was a fantastic novel full of action and charming characters. I loved just about everyone I met in this novelat least all of the main characters. They were so well developed and fun, that you couldnt help but be invested in their stories.
On her way back from the washing line she came across John Drake the Gardener.
I urge all of you, everyone I know and you know, to try it out for yourselves. Because its the kind of stealing thats not only legal, but downright necessary to live an out-loud, coloring outside the lines, wild and wonderful, authentic life. How ironic and yet perfect is it, that when we take inspiration from others, we fuel the essence, the growth, the colorful bud-bursting and life-force blooming of what is most original, special, unique & glorious inside of us?
I made a pledge to myself this weekend: I am going to take better care of myself. The last month has been a whirlwind of taking care of everyone but me, and the migraines every day last week were the proof in the pudding. While I love doing things for others, it shouldnt come at such a heavy load on me, my mind, and my body.
Friday, May 18 4-7pm  Beer Week close-out at Epic Brewery: For the final event of the week, Epics inviting everybody out to brewery for a summer cook-out. There will be something for everyone  grilled hamburgers and veggie burgers will both be available along with the re-release of Epics Hop Syndrome Lager. In addition to the beer and food, well have a drawing for some pretty Epic prizes  no purchase necessary.
Bowls and mugs and finish
Cut it back!
A game-changer when it was issued in 1969, Hot-Buttered Soul more or less created the blueprint for the way soul music would develop during the early-to mid seventies. Recorded at Ardent with John Fry behind the console, the songs are mostly extended jams, which seem almost improvised at points. If you are not a fan of soul, give a listen to "Walk on By" or the epic "By the Time I Get to Phoenix" and see if you aren't converted. An absolute classic, and the album that put Ardent on the commercial map.
Im wondering whats truly more important to these politicianspersonal gain or protecting the people? It can be concluded that the former is whats more important to them, yet it perplexes me as to why when the role of government is to do the latter.
my mom is finally here! we are ready and waiting for him to join us. we are jumping on trampolines. we are going on walks. we are doing it all. she is here for 10 days so pllllleasssssseee come out baby boy.
The teen girls are both charged with endangering an injured victim and with rioting, he said.
next sprinkled some flour onto a clean work surface and a rolling pin . unwrap the pastry and put it on the floury surface . roll out the pastry untill slightly bigger and thick as a pencil,
Do not miss the beauty of your life, or the life of others, as you round the corners. Don't hasten the clock as your day winds down.
Upheld
Thankfully, the kit came with a tutorial for putting the bags together.
Maybe some of you who don't live here in the Midwest can tell me,
1. Top priority  Ice Block. Not strictly arcane I know but an important part of my repertoire. Its a special family that calls for this to be number one in the rotation. Its usually my last oh crap button in PvE but in a party where every compliment is just a softening blow for the deadly follow up stomach punch its needed early on. Example, God youve lost so much weight, you looked really dreadful before, we all thought so, you were so puffy we thought you were the marshmallow man from the end of Ghostbusters etc. Followed by You must keep it off, you look great.youre not having a dessert are you? etc.
still remembered the tones he played in the dream. He wanted to hear it one more time, so he tried
The Stars in their first season back at the refurbished Forum were the favourites for the tie but found themselves a goal behind from the first leg. That was quickly overturned after 5 minutes as the Stars got on the board. A feisty contest ensued as both sides a man following a scuffle behind the goal before a second Stars goal put the home side ahead. A frantic second period followed as the Hawks levelled the tie on aggregate.
Patrick moving pigs. Nice to see a digital type designer slinging a little lead around
I dont care if the carpet's stained, weve got food upon our table.
It's frustrating when you meet up with people you haven't seen in six months and no one mentions the fact THAT YOU'VE LOST 18 POUNDS.
"What you t'ink of 'Fire?'"
He gave us a gift, we called it the Law
I liked that Sub-Mariner waged a war against humankind while simultaneously helping us. Makes for a very conflicted character, more interesting than many of the goody two-shoes superheroes of the era.
I have forgotten the
What does intelligence have to do with it anyway? One might reasonably ask. The reason for its mention is that in an article for the Guardian website today, Nick Spencer, director of studies for theology think-tank Theos, interprets Ecklunds findings from the perspective of the relative intelligences of the professionally scientific and the followers of religion. In the second shocking conclusion of the day (theists, its your turn to look away), Spencer freely admits that Christianity is a faith for the simple. Using Richard Dawkinss vocabulary of the scientific elite back against him, Spencer reminds his readers that Christianity contains a principally non-elitist philosophy. Christianity, he explains, by design appealed to the less educated masses and social underclasses, something Christ and his apostles both relished and regretted, for it meant being continually misunderstood by the intelligent upper echelons of society. It is not surprising, to Spencer, to find that the Christianity is less represented in Dawkinss elite than it is in the wider population.
If you compare another popular discount, the "Room Only Discount," to Free Dining then you'll see where Free Dining truly isn't as amazing as Disney (and uneducated WDW guests) think that it is. I'm not gonna break down the math for you because it's sort of boring for most of you who don't enjoy the nerdy mathematical stuff like me. What I can tell you though is that if you're staying at a value resort and participate in FD then you are probably getting a good deal. Even if you upgrade your Free Dining Plan to the "Basic Dining Plan" for a small additional fee. Moderate resorts are sort of hazy but most of the time it's still a good deal as long as you can maximize the Basic Dining Plan fully.
The minimum age eligibility for each race is as below:
Your love is the most real thing to me, more real than anything in this life. I was made for worship, so for as long as I live I will praise Your name. I will reach out my hands to You. Just like I am satisfied by my very favorite treat chocolate & peanut butter ice cream I am satisfied by You. I worship You Papa.
Must be able to drive news vehicles safely and without incident. Must be able to carry camera and gear weighing 50 pounds. Must be willing to work in all weather conditions both day and night.
I was doing a bit of spring cleaning in my craft room and I came across some little white fake flowers. They were leftover from the cheery little spring wreath I made for my front door back in February.
Father: Unknown
63. Forrest Gump (Tom Hanks) - It seems hokey until I watch it again, fall in love again, cry again.
On Thursday that changed when Melbournes favourite craft brewery, Mountain Goat, teamed up with the very talented kitchen crew and Prof Pilsner to unofficially cut the ribbon on the Beer Deluxe Grill by treating an appreciative crowd to the first of what will be many regular food and beer events.
Since we have three people going three different directions and I have super-duper-traffic-driving-anxiety coupled with a strong aversion to paying $300 a semester for a parking pass, I've been reduced to public transit. I am starting to consider this a sixteen week sociological study in giving up my personal space. The bus is very . . . ahem . . . intimate. That's all I have to say about that.
First the court has to decide on the legality of last years parliament decision of annulling four war crime cases concerning atrocities allegedly committed by former ethnic Albanian rebels during the 2001 armed conflict.
I've raved about Ishii before on this blog, usually having unreasonable cinematic orgasms about his freak-oriented material such as Horrors of Malformed Men, Love and Crime, and Orgies of Edo. But Ishii also directed thrillers, outrageous erotic comedies, and torture-themed epics.
One taste and I was a believer. They are smart to trumpet the "20 hour tonkotsu" as their slogan - you can really taste the love that went into this in the amazing, rich pork-packed broth. And I devoured on sight, the luscious tender chashu, counterbalanced by crispy pork skin, tempered by a delicious egg with soft, creamy yolk. And the embellishments of two crisp, toasted sheets of nori. My only note is that I found the noodles just ever so slightly too chewy for my taste - I still prefer the more malleable noodles at Ramen Jinya.
Business owners, who operate mostly in the Butterworth, Dutywa and Centane areas, claim they have lost millions of rands and have now decided to close down their shops.
I then looked at her hands. In my opinion, when someone tells you not to worry about something typically its because you should be worried. Miss Daisy had very disfigured rheumatoid arthritic hands and was about to stick me with a needle. This needle will stay in my arm for quite a while. Time to change the subject and start praying.
Anyway, yeah. Cold! Well-digger's ass! Witch's tit! Cold as hell. Cold as all get-out. Eskimo's chuff! Whatever that is.
To an objective observer, it might seem difficult to accept that populism is a central problem in a country whose constitution enshrineseven reveresan appropriate form of populism. Americas founding documents espouse government of the people, by the people, and for the people. And yet, one of Americas many intriguing ironies is that its current public discourse is increasingly besieged and obscured by competing versions of people-versus-the-elite populist caricatures. These negative caricatures are nowhere better demonstrated than in the vitriol of the presidential election campaign.
John Ward has just been told he is borderline diabetic but, a week or so ago, he read in the Daily Mail (which is oddly forever printing diabetic stories) that a woman had also being told she was diabetic but plainly was not.
It was a single bathroom, door locked, and on the outside, when you locked the door, there was a little sign that would change from "vacant" to "in use".. any idiot should be able to understand how this works... even if you can read the words are in different colours vacant was green, and in use was red.. pretty simple right.
Id happily eat there again, and all out plates came out empty on the other side!
With nothing surprising about such questions (trivial or otherwise) being posed when such a mammoth legislation is in question: its best to not start a debate here.
1956
It turns out that Becca isnt her real name and that shes a graduate student studying male behavior. The tape of Matt practicing on the blow-up doll becomes a viral sensation and Matt locks himself in his room for two weeks, completely humiliated. His friends try to get his favorite porn star Sunny Leone (herself) to help out a fan and she agrees to  for a price. The quartet and their friends raise the funds and it looks finally as if Matt is going to lose his cherry to a porn star. What could possibly go wrong?
On our vacation to Florida we were able to go to the Clearwater Marine Hospital where Winter now lives. This trip to visit Winter was looked forward to more than going to Disney. Elizabeth had fun seeing Winter, holding her prosthesis and seeing all the other marine animals that lived there. Her love for marine life now is greatly appreciated as it has almost replaced her loved for dinosaurs.
Raleigh Washington serves Promise Keepers (PK) as its president and CEO, and the vice-chair of the Board of Directors. The mission of PK is to issue a catalytic clarion call to the Body of Christ, to hear and obey the Word of God in the power of the Holy Spirit. He formerly served PK as vice president of Reconciliation and executive vice president of Global Ministries. Washington is also the founder and pastor emeritus of Rock Of Our Salvation Evangelical Free Church in Chicago, an urban church reaching across racial barriers in the inner city of Chicago.
Ultimately I believe The Voice is a step in the right direction for reality talent shows and it has my full support, but in my mind there will only be one winner, and that is whoever decides to tread in the strangely big footsteps of Fergie and let Mr I.Am make them millions.
This is an interesting thing that happened to me several months ago. It is actually the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me.
The BBC World News spokesman said:
Let us explain.
My history had found a way into my beadmaking. I'd like to do more of these just for me - maybe try to personalize the dresses a bit more. I can vividly remember that first Maxi dress. Hmmmmm.....
But WAIT! There's MORE! In addition to the one random winner at the end of the 3 weeks, the DT will be choosing their "SECRET FAVES"...one from each of the THREE WEEKS. You will all go MAD wondering who those secret faves are!
follow any line to make up tic tac toe and if your really in for a big challenge use all 9 Now Our team was a little divided on this challenge so you might know notice there are 2 boards .... Yah I'm not using the pink one ... I must admit it the pink board was me being a smart ass but there are those on my team that OWN alot of Pink Stash. Me not so much so I've done 2 Rows in this one board
...often go awry.
Turner's trial is scheduled to begin Dec. 1 in New York.
To be concluded tomorrow
One cant expect science to answer all the questions of the universe. There may well be secrets of nature that will remain forever beyond the outer limits of human intelligence. Other questions, such as those regarding human aspirations and the meaning of our lives, are best viewed from multiple perspectives, both scientific and spiritual. These approaches can coexist and respect each other. The trouble arises when religious and spiritual doctrine makes pronouncements about the physical universe that contradict what we actually observe to be true.
We arrived on Friday, and spent a great week ,visited our neighbors and relatives, went shopping 5 times, visited my favorite place " Al Roubai'e street" , went to the restaurants in Baghdad, celebrated valentine (grandpa took us to a nice restaurant) ,oh Baghdad looked wonderful that day, it was full of white and red , people dressing red, carrying roses and balloons, restaurants were filled with lovers and the decoration was special that day, I ordered a steak and it came with a heart shape candle, such a lovely idea.. for one day I forgot all about situation and routine .. people celebrate that day with their loved ones and families, and I heard a guy talking in one channel he said " this year, people exaggerated in celebrating valentine they're walking carrying red bears, roses , balloons and cars are filled with roses , load music everywhere, and that's all happening to embitter those who threatened us not to celebrate valentine, it is an overreaction" .. well,
Seeing the little boy,
- In a small bowl, whisk together egg yolk and cream; set egg wash aside. Divide the bluberry/lemon filling equally among the pastry squares, placing it in the center. Brush the edges with egg wash. Fold dough diagonally over filling to form a triangle, and press to seal. If desired, crimp the edges using the floured tines of a fork. Place filled turnovers on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until firm, 20 to 30 minutes.
Next week, Ill finish up this series with my final theme, Bravery  which will, out of the three, most definitely be my biggest challenge this coming year.
So, there you have it. Lets see a side by side for effect.
My face is suffused in warmth
Hope you're all having a lovely weekend, tomorrow I'm off to buy birthday presents (not for myself, sadly), and begin the hunt for a perfect pair of jeans, as I own about two pairs, neither of which fit me, however I find trousers the most tiresome things to shop for, so I'll probably just end up getting cupcakes and a Starbucks instead!
The story begins with an allusion to Ishmael from Moby Dick, as well as a nod to the biblical Jonah, who warns the city of Nineveh of impending doom. The narrator, John/Jonah (but not Sam, mind you!), is a midget, and this factors heavily into the warped narrative that follows. John begins his story by narrating how much his life had changed after he was introduced to the religion of Bokonism on the (fictional) Caribbean island of San Lorenzo. John at first was interested in narrating the history of the atomic bomb and he attempts to contact a (fictional) co-creator of the bomb, Dr. Felix Hoenikker. However, Dr. Hoenikker has died and it is his youngest son, Newt, who writes back to John, telling of his father's experiences the day that the bomb was dropped at Hiroshima:
Why the difference? Clueless.
Thank you so much for allowing me time to voice my concerns. May the Lord bless you as you seek to do what is right for our nation and guide us to follow our constitution and founding principles.
Every morning they trod the path from the town to the shrine at the top of the hill. It took two hours there and back, give or take  more in inclement weather. The path was rough and more suited to goats than to people. It clung to the sides of the hill and clothed it.
5) Rocket launches, South Korea shoots it down
Have a look at the site, see what you think. (I built it myself, but using an idiot-proof template.) If you think you might fancy the course, or want to know a little more about it, come and ask. Study is done from home and in your own time.
Hes having- The woman giggled even more, Addison recognizing the flirty tone and getting very jealous. -dinner right now.
I'm A Boy
Self-imposed starvation and self-induced vomiting have likely existed since the beginning of humanity. Although the criteria are often whitewashed away beneath varying motivationsall pointing at temporally-relevant social trendsa glance through the history of fasting reveals that what we now call anorexia nervosa has existed as long as medical notes have been made, and likely much longer. Ancient Greek texts comment on deliberate fasting; the Romans engaged in periods of bingeing and purging (although the vomitorium myth is unfounded). In the middle ages, women of the church took asceticism to extreme levels, abstaining from food in what was known as anorexia mirabilis: miraculous lack of appetite. At first these women were revered for their spiritual power and piety, but eventually the church began to disapprove of the visibly dangerous practice of extended fasting.
"Yes - I bet the aboriginals have more than one word for it."
And yet, we glance. I saw the seemingly large stacks of page layouts they were getting done. The amazing amount of craft and beauty. My pages were much more simple. I worked much more slowly.
My pleasure baby
At some point, we would like to build a small, handicapped accessible two bedroom cottage in our lower yard. This would serve as a guest house, a B&B, and a future home for Charles and me when we are too old to handle the stairs and maintenance on our current house (not that we do too much maintenance anyway). We would eventually live in the little cottage and rent out the bigger house. It is a good plan, but it will take money to make it happen. (Are you seeing a recurring theme here?) At the moment, we have a Community Garden in our lower yard, which is an excellent use of the space!
So where to look?
The actor, who recently just named ambassador for SAG, fulfilled his duties by encouraging charitable acts among the audience, in particular stumping for a cause called Book Pals.
These countries were populated by Turks   Turks who were once part of the Ottoman Empire   Turks who still speak Turkish and practice Turkish customs. Turkey, under the AKP, has forged a strong alliance with Iran. This alliance was largely achieved through the workings of the Gulen movement among the Azeri population of Iran who speak Turkish rather than Farsi.
TOMMY
That's the way mama wanted them, as sharp as could be. The more fine the cabbage the better the kraut would be.
And if you found their poetry
It seems a bit silly, and definitely belated, but the thing I am super excited about right now is vegetables. Prepping for Lori's visit, I picked up a selection of veggies, chopped them up, and put them in this slick 7-compartment Tupperware serving platter we have. Well, folks, I am LOVING having on-demand veggies in the fridge. It takes very little time to restock the compartments, and then I can munch veggies whenever I want, and quickly and easily add them to whatever I'm cooking. It's hardly an original idea, but it is very cool.
Unfortunately, there is no list that will determine whether or not you are or should be a witch. There is no list that is able to say if you tick three out of five boxes you are a witch and there is no getting away from it. Life doesnt work like that, and paganism in all its forms certainly doesnt allow for such rigid structure. It is the path of the individual, a path that celebrates uniqueness and there are a variety of ways to practice it.
Combat Rock is a good listen, and if youve never heard it, you should take the time and check it out. Look for Rat Patrol as well, you can find it at any of your better download sites. Even when not in a pure rock n roll mode, The Clash were still better than most bands.
1 anchovy
Makes one sandwich.
At the counter you can see the sweets and treats displayed. There is one of my new quilts hanging on the wall behind the sorbet. That's "Crossroads" on the left, (made with Sorbet Garden fabrics) and the new "Petal Pushers" on the right.
Prove to the people that you are not coward and defend your statement, he said, pointing out that he has yet to receive any response from Masing.
Then in August 2010, I met Sem at a full moon celebration on the Hove seafront. He was getting ready for Out of the Ordinary 2010 and I was suddenly struck with the idea of putting the apple tree installation there. He asked me to send him something in writing, which I did, and he invited me to the festival.
He warned that more than 70% of any of these kidnapping-dramas are moreover, never reported to the authorities. Thom said when people find themselves in kidnapping-situaitons, they should always try and obtain advice from the people wh are trained in such matters. They must work with people who know the mind-sets of kidnappers, he warned. Guardrisk Allied Products & Services has a network of experts to help their clients who take out a Kidnapping Policy . http://www.sake24.com/JouGeldsake/Al-hoel-meer-rykes-sakelui-word-ontvoer-20100507
Poach 2 eggs, toast an English Muffin, cook up some bacon or ham (I used turkey bacon) and make some hollandaise sauce (recipe below).
- In Oklahoma, USA, it is still illegal to make faces at a dog, a crime that could result in a prison sentence.
What would you do if you experienced a natural disaster today? Would you be prepared? Could you tend to medical emergencies? We have seen the life threatening effects from hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods yet I don't see very many people taking action to prepare themselves in case of an emergency.... including myself.
a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them,
One day when Scott Rigsby was eighteen years old, he was riding in the back of a pickup truck that was towing a three-ton trailer. When the trailer was clipped from behind by an eighteen-wheeler, Scott was thrown over the side and dragged 324 feet before being pinned under the trailer. Later, at the hospital, his right leg was amputatedthe first of twenty-six surgeries he would endure over the next ten years, including the loss of his other leg. Doctors said it would be more than a year before he could expect to walk againlet alone run.
When his oldest daughter Noriko runs away from home he never makes any attempt to find her, but instead tries desperately to hold onto his perfect little world by acting like nothing happened. But then things only get worse when his youngest daughter Yuka also runs away, still he continues to go to work and carry on with his life. Yetl he knows he has to do something, but instead of being sick with worry like his wife is, he tries to put on a brave front and approaches his daughters disappearances in an investigative way by trying to find clues from their favorite websites, the notebook Yuka left behind, and tabloid articles about secret cults called suicide clubs. Then his picture perfect life all comes crashing down when his wife, overcome with guilt from driving her daughters away and too tired to carry on, commits suicide. Now left all alone, Tetsuzo risks everything by quitting his job, selling his house, and moving to Tokyo in a desperate attempt to find his missing girls and somehow redeem himself in their eyes. But first he has to figure out a way to free them from the clutches of the twisted and manipulative Kumiko.
No employer has the right to control another human beings body like this, to take away a teachers wages, her job, because she was treated for a medical condition.
A committee was set up by the Catholic Church itself in 2010 when the abuse scandal broke. It is said to have identified some 800 priests and monks in the Netherlands who were actively abusing children in a 40 year period from 1945 to 1985.
While children do not care about things like services, cable TV and telephone basic utilities, cable TV and telecom services, you do. Keeping your current service accounts can be profitable in terms of discounts, rebates and not having to pay for hookup charges US Promo Deals will help make this transition easier.
I couldnt have run this project without knowing the SDLC and how to manage a project. I later learned that my process of Project Management was actually called Waterfall these days and its what most people are doing.
It was inspiring to be there.
It is a tough market out there but publishers are always looking for talent and so if you think your story is strong enough and you have made it as good as you can possibly make it  then submit it.
prepare1 cup carrot (grated) on the side to add soon
This doesn't mean that I don't love you. I don't delay the release of a book to piss you off. In fact, I try to never set particular release dates for books so I can't disappoint you, yet somehow, for reasons I don't know, I hear things like, "Hollowmen was supposed to be out on October 19th! Where is it?!" When I have never, ever, ever issued an exact release date for that novel. Never. So I don't know where people heard that date, but then they were mad at me because I hadn't delivered on something I'd never even promised.
That "something" is the next step. The "colleagues" really are not that stupid, and if it is so transparent to us all that the deal cannot work, they surely must have something in reserve  a "plan B".
There will be some great forwards available when they pick 5th. Russian center Alex Galchenyuk will most likely be available to pick. After a season where he recorded 83 points in 68 games with in the OHL with the Sarnia Sting, he missed all but two regular season games this year due to a freak injury to his knee. Drafted #1 in the 2010 OHL Priority Selection Draft, he has great hands and projects as a Bobby Ryan or Marian Hossa type forward. If he is still up when Toronto has their pick, look for them to snap him up.
I've treated myself to one of these. An Acer Aspire Netbook. 150 for a 120Gb hard disk, 512Mb RAM and a Linux OS. Out of the box and onto my wireless network within minutes. It comes with a media player, OpenOffice for MS compatible word processor, spreadsheet, presentation graphics etc., photo editor/viewer, games and...well pretty much all you need for surfing on the go. I got it from ASDA a one week deal apparently, they normally retail at 230ish. So a good deal.
At Sweet Mother, we love ITGMFLAA and think it is so necessary in todays society that wed like to shorten it to: IT=ME=ASS=AGAIN. You can IM that beauty to your friend in the next cubiclethat is once the IT douche-bag leaves the vicinity.
I started blogging nearly a year ago, mainly to familiarize myself with a software program that my work was about to launch for work-related blogs. I was reading quite a few gaming blogs already and decided that I spent enough time gaming to make blogging about it worthwhile. I found that I enjoyed it, so I kept going. I cant say Im a prolific blogger, I know I should blog much more often than I do, but at least Ive decided to keep trying. I think that is key, dont set really high goals, just keep at it. Good luck to those of you who have been inspired by this initiative. I hope you have many happy hours of blogging! Visit the NBI Forums for more info. and the list of sponsors. There are quite a few good blogs out there for you to peruse for inspiration.
College: it was about carbs how many carbs did a slice of bread have?
I'd love to know if you can see a visible difference in the pictures of my forehead and I'd love to know if you have tried this and what you think?
Dr. Gabriella Mondini, a strong-willed, young Venetian woman, has followed her father in the path of medicine. She possesses a singleminded passion for the art of physick, even though, in 1590, the male-dominated establishment is reluctant to accept a woman doctor. ...
Collard Greens
Still we shared many a laugh
Here are a few ideas to get you started:
After several years of our annual Easter shopping spree (care of our generous grandparents), I have learned a few things that help make the process easier and more successful. Trust me, we've whittled down the trip from 4+ hours to 2 hours (I know this sounds ridiculous, but think about five girls selecting and trying on 15-20 pieces each and then deciding on five items each to take home).
- Foodie Penpals is open to US & Canadian residents. Please note, Canadian Residents will be paired with other Canadians only. Weve determined things might get too slow and backed up if were trying to send foods through customs across the border from US to Canada and vice versa. So, Im going to keep two separate lists and match US w/ US and Canada w/ Canada!
When the editorial staff at Stampington heard about the collaboration, they expressed an interest in doing an article about our project..however, when one of the journals was sent to their offices for a preliminary look-see, they immediately asked if we would be agreeable to a book about True Colors. It was our great fortune to work with Kathy Bold, and she did a spectacular job of editing all of our lengthy stories about our experiences, and formulating it into an interesting text to accompany Stampingtons beautiful photography. I thought the art direction, page design, and styling of the photography was excellent. Best of all, I so appreciated that Stampington never considered turning the project into a technique book; and their focus was always on the art and the relationships between the artists.
The price for this gem? $5.00. One of the high points of living in the dawn of digital books is that the real ones are being dumped on the cheap. The sad part is that many will never find a home and will end up in a landfill somewhere. It appears that this book has not been digitized. I hope you enjoy the images here and to follow.
- Fabric: wool
I definitely get most of my inspiration from challenges like yours and love to try to combine two or three challenges in one card. To enter a challenge really inspires me to try to make something different, try new techniques or color combos, to do my best and not take the easy way out and just make cards that Im comfortable making.
The credit union never hires outside consultants to work with them. It is understandable that credit unions want to take steps to save on expenses. I get that. But in many cases, an outside, objective viewpoint is needed. A couple of examples are strategic planning (see above,) staff training, and leadership development. A third-party can provide an honest and objective opinion of what is going on at your credit union. Be prepared  what he or she has to say may shock you and more importantly, help you!
I know what it is. A Sharpie. Rollins's sword to tear the world apart, (This is sentence I loved so much! Glad it made it in!) --Pg. 195 of "Slide" by Jill Hathaway
I'm not sure of the shadow colors in this one yet, and some of the spots haven't been added or their placement still eludes me. Now that some of the shoes are looking a lot more solid, it's easier to see what the result will look like. Tomorrow I hope I can get the background slapped on.
This was met by a loud round of applause.
It was absolutely AMAZING. His head of wet, dark hair was smashed against his little head. I remember saying my baby, my baby in sheer amazement, love and joy. I immediately put Jack to my breast to nurse him and he latched right on like a champ. Wow- what a bond: words really cant even describe how amazing and instinctual it was. Jake cut the umbilical cord then I delivered the placenta (which I had encapsulated into pills for its awesome postpartum hormonal healing properties- I will
a slump and spendage
We had a FULL day of fun here! No meltdowns, (from the kids or me LOL)
Where do I even start writing and sharing with you the experience of the past week? So many steps, so many feelings bundle inside of me
Pink Striped DP from Itsy Bitsy....
Study now vs Study later?
T. said: Right, babies aren't born evil, but after a certain age, people are responsible for their own actions. They can't blame their parents or society any more when they commit wicked acts.
9.wake the dead
Inevitably and cruelly, after what only seems too brief a moment, it ends.
So that is the process I follow when preparing our vacation (or other theme) albums. I'm about 20 pages into my album and it's coming out just as I hoped it would! I LOVE IT! Here are some pictures of the first few pages.
I cannot express how amazed I am at these people I truly am at a loss for words when I encounter one of these. They beat the Argumentators at their own game, and they do it in style. The Argumentator has the courtesy to pretend to listen to what youre saying, and respond with some appropriately inane remark. The Moron, on the other hand, goes for broke.
.jackknifed rig
Its Unified Computing System has expanded to include new Fabric Interconnects, a new Virtual Interface Card and a new chassis I/O module, according to a press release. Cisco said the improvements increase bandwidth to the chassis and the server, while doubling the switching capacity of the data center fabric.
In order to correctly adjudicate civil disputes over copyright, the application of laws to such disputes is hereby interpreted by the Supreme People's Court in accordance with relevant provisions of the General Principals of Civil Law of the People's Republic of China, the Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, Civil Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China, as well as other applicable laws, as follows:
In that poem
5. Hot glue two pieces of ribbon to each end of the cuff. This will be how you tie your cuff on to your wrist.
Though the storm inflicted such heinous damage, it could not kill the spirit of the people in this part of our state. Thousands of people mobilized to provide all kinds of relief. Water, generators, food, man-power, money and more were given and given some more.
After some turns Mardin managed to get to the goblin captain with a small escort, killed him and took the treasure with him. This was probably around turn 6 or 7 so time was almost up. The troll tried to catch Mardin running away with it and with his chain managed to hurt him. But the battlefield was too crowded for him to move easily around his own troops. At this time the dwarves had to start making Break tests, and they managed to pass them all being near Mardin (20cm is a lot in such a small table).
Utilities are included in the bill, and the apartments are fully furnished.
When I graduated a year ago, I was still very much in bum mode. Not only that, I was also clueless and direction-less as to what I wanted to do next. Do you know how it feels when you have plans and all of a sudden, you discover that those plans no longer fit you? Well, thats what happened to me. From the time I graduated til the time I got my first job at Greenpeace (a timespan of 4 months), I have been to 4 interviews, counting the Greenpeace interview. Its not a lot, I know I didnt look for much but of those interviews, 1 interviewer asked me if I was male or female (of which I answered Im biologically male but identify as female), 1 conducted a 10 minute interview on me and never called back, and 1 panel of interviewees (for a research analyst position and upon seeing my resume) insisted I probably would not like working for them. Eventually, I did get the Greenpeace job and it was great. I worked for four months and I quit last June for reasons I am not willing to blog about. From the second week of June until today, I have been jobless. During that time until now, I have only been to one serious interview and I didnt get the job (for some unknown reason).
I also had Coffee Break make up the skull stencill in a larger size. Very few people know that any of their stencils can be made in a larger size. And since the anatomical skull is my favorite, I wanted it bigger! It looks even more amazing in the larger size:
We laugh. For all the things we (and our family) have been through in 5+ years, it seems more like 50. But looking at us at 5 years, we are stronger than the majority of those we know. The whole for better or worse part of the ceremony hits home :)
I love these mini delivery vans...you will understand the small scale if you compare that it is less than a meter taller than the bench. Europe has these little marvels all over, and they always amuse me although I am not sure why!
Have a Happy and Safe Carnival to All. See you Ash Wednesday!
She opens her post by asking:
We invite you to join us in Sandy, UT. (South Towne Expo Center located at 9575 South State St. -booth number 110) for the 2010 Utah Green Industry Conference and Trade Show, Jan 25  27th.
When my advanced pdf of Goodman Games DCC RPG arrives in my email, I'll be happy to set up another Barrowmaze group under that ruleset.
Heres the thing about goals and me: I love goals. I recognize the importance of goal setting and setting good, SMART goals. I love to set goals. I love the feeling of accomplishing goals. I think setting goals is of utmost important when trying to achieve something. That said, Im really not one of those people who is extremely driven by the goals I set. I guess Im not a goal-setter by nature. Its something I have to work at.
Whose advice would you follow? How often do we get ourselves into a situation because we followed the wrong advice? Today we are looking at Acts 27:12.
Also, the holiodays call for different make-up. It's more festive, sparkly, and colorful. Try this fun holiday look: Start off by lining your eyes with purple eyeliner (the kind I had in mind was from the brand Tarte) and create the cat-eye look. Next use a shimmery, metallicy silver eye shadow all over the eye lid. The shadow should be sparkly. After that, use a shimmery navy shadow for the contour shade. Smudge the navy in the outer corner of your eye and blend into the crease. You can line your bottom lashline with the silver shadow and top with mul;tiple coats of black mascara. You don't have to use those same colors though. Dark shimmery greens work too fro eyeshadow and navy or black liner works too. Have fun with the colors!
The calm, majestic presence of the Night,
J'adore le rendu du crayon, mais il faudra que j'essaie avec mes Copic aussi, bientt:-)!
Hutz: Well, actually, replace the word accidentally with repeatedly and the word dog with son.
Having had an absolute blast at the fantastic Hawkshead Beer Festival, Mrs Monkey and myself decided to stick the tent in the car and head back to the Cumbrian Lakes a few weeks later to appreciate further some of the lovely pubs that can be found in that part of the world.
I also got to sit in on a voice-actors panel and a Sci-fi authors panel. And easily in my top 3 (next to FALO and Rocky), was the Dealers Room. While I couldnt rationalize getting a gorgeous handmade corset or something Steampunk, I did pick myself up a mysterious key necklace from Kuriouser & Kuriouser (studiohibernacula.com Im only sorry she doesnt have these listed on her etsy site right now, but check out her sold section for an idea of her work!). I debated between three necklaces and already wish Id bought a second one (Ill post a pic soon).
Streaked in public
catch you all later :D
It was NOT me that took advantage of the daycare at the community center that after my physical therapy today I did not allow my children to stay in there an extra 30 minutes so 1) I could work on my Bible study in peace and quiet in the cafe sipping a cold diet coke and 2) so they would be extra tired out and take an extra long nap this afternoon.
I missed last Monday. I am sure there probably isn't anyone who noticed (or cared) but I am disappointed in myself a little. A couple weeks back I has 2 or 3 posts written, lined up and scheduled to be posted and not only did they not post, I lost all the content I had written. I am an engineer by training (college) and an insurance guy by trade so writing doesn't come naturally to me. Not saying I can't do it, just isn't in my wheelhouse. To have to rewrite some posts so early in the game derailed me a bit but fortunately I didn't once question my entrance into the blogosphere. I am having too much fun and making too many great trades.
More specifically, would/could we ever conceive of an author re-writing a classic? Including keeping the original title?
The dictionary defines steadfast as:
The taller one out of the two screwed me. He was wearing a bright gold necklace that rocked an N as its pendant, so I figured this one was Nathan.
Outstanding job ladies! Please display your Top Three badge (from the side of the blog) on your blogs with pride and watch for your cards to be featured in our slide show. If you would like to be a guest design team member for an upcoming challenge and get all the free digis from our sponsor to play with, just send me an email.
With the Dude at Nana's we were free to do what we wanted for a whole 2 hours!
2008- Vince Young: Young injured his quad and missed only one game. Yet, since his cover, Young has been a shell of his former self. At one point he was on suicide watch, hes been at odds with coaches and teammates, he has been released and now hes just a clip board holder with the Eagles. But hey, he came up with the Eagles Dream Team nickname last season. Remind me again how that dream turned out.
500-600 8.39
My internet connection is still problematic, here is the most recent email I sent the hoors...
Instead, Id demonize prosperity itself, so that they will not miss what they will never have.
This is really too hard. I think some of the most moving myths are those which deal head on with our own mortality. Orpheus in the underworld, trying to rescue his dead wife Eurydice. Achilles in Hades telling Odysseus do not try to console me for dying. I would rather be a peasant and follow my masters plough than be king over all the perished dead. And Baldur from the Norse myths, who cannot be brought back to life even though all the world wept for him (save Loki).
Department. By the way, the full interview with Josefina Vidal we
I sigh. Then I lean down and whisper to the boy.
You know Id have to say that the biggest blessing for my family since we started Bayou Teche Brewing is all of the cool new friends we have made in the last two years. Though many of these new friends are in the beer industry, most are involved in wonderful things that have very little to do with hawking beer.
How happy was I!
My only problem with Code Name Verity is that, perhaps because of its epistolary format (the entire thing has been written down, starting with Verity in prison), sometimes it became too much a narrative and too little actual interaction between characters. As a result, I found it dragged, simply because I was waiting for something to happen, especially in the beginning. My other minor complaint is the very ending of the novel, which is written by a character that hadn't been important at all, and so felt a bit jarring and unnecessary in a way.
I certainly agree with that. I saw a show at Bernard Mannings Embassy Club in Manchester in the early 1980s when there was a black couple near the front of the audience. Manning, of course, zeroed in on them as the butt of his jokes and they genuinely loved it. At the end of the show, they were beaming with happiness and excitement; he had made their night.
We hit this apparent hot spot at it's prime Saturday Lunchtime. There were so many people you could barely move but the food didn't suffer and wasn't scarce despite the rush. We couldn't believe the selection Kumo had to offer. It reminded me of a Asian American/Canadian buffet I would eat at when visiting family in Toronto, Canada called Mandarin. Well honestly, I think as far as food, Kumo had more to offer and was much more relaxing. We thought we would come back for dinner and eat.
Anyway, in the short time that Smugleaf was a Servine, I love his battle animation. When I send him out, he would cross his arms and tap his feet while waiting for my command. Its a bit of a shame that he lost his arms and legs when he evolved into Serperior. I also love Servines seductive and secretive smile.
However, rather than diving into evolutionary biology/cladistics which isn't my area, I would like to look at some examples from the OUMNH collection and highlight some of the (to me) unexpected aspects of their morphology and the possible functions of such structures. I will however give some links to factsheets which provide details of the characteristics placing these species/genera in their currently accepted orders. Firstly, the frankly bizarre Walliserops trifurcatus with its unmistakeable trident...
The carbon panel on the outer section of the caliper is either an aero piece or some protection for the caliper when the wheels are slammed back on during pitstops.
As everyone knows who reads my blog regularly or just knows me, knows that I LOVE cucumbers! LOVE! I could eat them every day of my life and NEVER get sick of them ever! When we go to the store I usually by 3-6 cucumbers, never just 1 or 2 and if I do buy 2 we have to go back and get more cause I have eaten them all! My favorite ones are English Cucumbers! They are the BEST! Not bitter like the regular ones can get. So yep I am talking about cucumbers so I am going to share with you a cucumber recipe
A question encompassing both students and schools is whether paywalls will become a trend. Agatha Pardo, director of sales and marketing at Messenger Post Media, says they maintain a free online presence because of their format. Unlike the international giants, she says, Were all about conversations . . . I dont have to fly anybody to Libya.
It is frustrating that the public take this generic view based on one race each year, but the industry must deal with it.
Who is society?
TEMPORAL LOBES  HEARING. More sensory information, especially hearing, is processed in the temporal lobes, which help you make sense of spoken language and music. These lobes also are linked to memory, and damage here can make it hard to understand speech, categorize objects or recall things youve seen or been told.
Stephen Simon (Executive Producer) has produced such films as Somewhere in Time and What Dreams May Come and is the author of The Force is With You: Mystical Movie Messages That Inspire Our Lives.
her spirit would always soar.
When the hubs and I were early in our marriage and our first child Mandypants (MissIndie) was just a baby, we lived in Las Vegas and used to take trips to California all the time. Specifically Disneyland, San Francisco, LA and San Diego. We had hardly any money at all but we would just drop everything on the spur of the moment and go have fun :)
Propaganda campaigns may be instituted either by the government or by one or more of the top media firms. The campaigns to discredit the government of Nicaragua, to support the Salvadoran elections as an exercise in legitimizing democracy, and to use the Soviet shooting down of the Korean airliner KAL 007 as a means of mobilizing public support for the arms buildup, were instituted and propelled by the government. The campaigns to publicize the crimes of Pol Pot and the alleged KGB plot to assassinate the pope were initiated by the Readers Digest, with strong follow-up support from NBC-TV, the New York Times, and other major media companies. Some propaganda campaigns are jointly initiated by government and media; all of them require the collaboration of the mass media. The secret of the unidirectionality of the politics of media propaganda campaigns is the multiple filter system discussed above: the mass media will allow any stories that are hurtful to large interests to peter out quickly, if they surface at all.
Remember, the Organization of Islamic Countries is dedicated to preventing anyone, anywhere in the world from commenting negatively about Islam, so they would literally eliminate our free speech and there were clearly conversations held that implied that the U.S. Justice Department would begin to enforce censorship against American citizens to protect radical Islam
The Socialised companies in the UK were deliberately mismanaged to create the impression that only by putting them back into private control could they be efficient and provide a good and cost-effective service. Those who live in the UK and experience the insane prices charged by the previously state owned industries can testify that privatisation in the UK is actually less efficient than State control, and a damned sight more expensive.
Todays Guardian says: Some police sources suggested there was no evidence yet that officers had actually received the payments and what would also be investigated was whether the journalists involved had kept the money themselves.
Instead of the usual mini pic-tutorial that comes on the back of these palettes, this ones got tutorials in words! Those of you who reach Chinese will be able to see the two different looks they recommend you.
US officials have kept an unusually solid wall of secrecy over Chens case, in an indication of the sensitivity of the issue. Beijing has also refused all comment on the campaigner.
It's time to crap. More than that, it's time to give a crap again.
Today I take a break from walking because my toes hurt due to blisters. But no problem, the sun invites us to stay at the swimming pool
In this case, I didn't strop as my daughter was very ill and I just signed on the dotted line to get it over and done with. Sometimes that happens, but I would try not to do it again. I always want to keep animation rights. I will argue that YouTube and machinima are electronic rights if I want to do either of these later.
- If it really smells, put it in the laundry basket and keep it there until you decide you want to wear it again (at which point, grudgingly wash it)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line 24 muffin tins with liners (note: this makes more than 24 cupcakes, but most people I know don't have an oven large enough to fit more than two 12 muffin tins so you may need to do this in batches).
Spending some time on the campaign trail has confirmed a couple of thoughts Ive had before I entered the Republican primary race.
Granted, there are definitely legitimate trolls out there who enjoy creating cyber drama and hating on successful people solely based on the fact that they are successful in their particular field. Those people exist everywhere, even before the advent of the Internets, and theyre not going anywhere, no matter how many times you call them disgusting, Ben and Jerrys binge-eating cat ladies. If those trolls comment on your blog and you dont like it, either delete the comments or shut down your blog. But, me simply not kissing your ass, or thinking you arent that great at whatever it is that you do on your blog, doesnt make me a fat jealous loser. The fact that youre a no-talent assclown doesnt make me fat by default. My fat makes me fat.
She was subjected to even more swingeing change after she moved to Berna and Glens three-bedroom terrace house to begin the latest chapter in her life. Her new mum served rice and chicken instead of the shepherds pie and burgers she was used to, and started greasing and plaiting Dawns Afro hair which had always hung loose. There were no holidays, and the only occasional outings were to the local shopping centre.
1 berlin
In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper.
Another woman I spoke to this week recalled seeing her former boss, a senior figure at a well-known advertising agency, 'drinking' vodka through his eye at an advertising party.
2 c. milk, at room temperature
22. Panna Cotta and Zabaglione
that shows us a road.
The word falling away does not mean falling down but rather taking away. This is talking of the taking away of the Christians before the son of perdition (Satan, the Wicked One, the man of sin) is revealed. Then Paul goes on into the verses which I quoted earlier about us being taken out of the way before that Wicked One is revealed. Paul also writes towards the end of that same chapter:
Its humbling to know that my fans if you like are growing more and more each day and I have them to thank for helping me get so far already, their support is invaluable to me!
that paying him no attention
F: That's easy, the real Fred is a pair of jeans, riding boots, and some red nail varnish to make me look a bit more chic! Every morning I pull on jeans and a jumper or t-shirt because it's the most practical way for me to dress for my busy days here, but by the evening I love to be able to dress up to go out for dinner. Sometimes I may even overdress, but that doesn't matter, it amuses my friends and there's no point in having a wardrobe full of dresses if I never use them!
A secondary source of livelihood has developed around these centers of industry in the form of the provision of transportation for the employees, haulage of product and materials and services and equipment suppliers, so in truth an even larger segment of the local population makes a living as a result of Israeli entrepreneurship in this region.
Impatient, I machine quilted them with Aurifil hot pink MAKO 40wt, which went like a breeze. Things were still going smoothly as I backed the little ones, and then came the moderately difficult step of turning them. Slightly trying but doable. Still trying but doable was getting the magnet squares in (I had to trim mine slightly smaller than instructed). But then came the most difficult task of all - hand-stitching the openings shut. yikes. That part was the least fun, but obviously mandatory, so I suffered through. And am glad I did.
Just for today I will put my family into God's hands for safe keeping. He can sort out all of these details in ways I can't even imagine.
This little side effect I have has been a joke in the family. A couple of Halloweens ago, I was at my sisters house and we had just got done doing the whole trick-or-treating thing. We walked out the door to leave and me being completely stupid did not notice when my husband opened the door that my nieces husband was hiding in the back seat with a mask on. I was laughing and joking with the family and jumped in the car. No one else got in. I wondered for a split second what was taking them so long. I looked out my window and then turned to look at the driver side door to see where my husband was, when I came face to face with The Mask. I screamed a blood curdling scream, leapt out of the car nearly slamming the nephew in the door. This nearly killed me. I cannot begin to tell you had long after this incident I shook. The closest thing to a near death experience he and I may ever experience.
By how special he thinks she is
That's me.
McMahan, 50, of Plough Court , Broomfield , was arrested and failed a breathalyser test, giving a reading of 167 microgrammes of alcohol in 100ml of breath  the legal limit is just 35.
Marinate fish. In a shallow dish, place fish. In a small bowl mix together olive oil, lime juice, cilantro, jalapeno, salt and pepper. Pour over fish and coat fish with marinade well. Set aside for thirty minutes.
The Girl Scout Promise
Me: That is fine. I am sure I'll spend it and then some. (Attempt to be humorous)
Just last year, I met someone whe said she was going to take the Durango & Silverton train ride that weekend. She did and reported back that it was still as good an experience as when I had gone.
Here is my recipe for vegetarian stir fried Romaine lettuce with Nam Yee.
But these days, the stores are going overboard. Honest mistakes have been criminalized. Intent is meaningless and seems to have no place in the justice process anymore.
Smiles returned.
My dreams seem silly or unobtainable to most- but I have to keep them and they must remain laced in hope. Sometimes, that's all we can do.
The point is to settle more fully into physical experience and live fully and sensually in the moment. On Thursday, the Sun enters the enjoy-the-earth-mode of Taurus and resuscitates the foundational shoring up of the earth grand trine that took place in mid-March. The Taurus New Moon follows on Saturday, in a tight, easy flow to Mars, a tight cooperative link to Neptune and an easy flow to Pluto that will intensify as the Sun and the Moon move apart. (Read more in my mooncast, which will be posted by Friday.)
NOTE: Given the opinion in Bilski and the test requiring "transformation or reduction of an article to a different state or thing," would a Method For Swinging On A Swing be patentable subject matter? You decide.
It is said that every generation has its own Shakespeare and I suspect that the same will apply to Beckett. Whether Shakespeare in modern dress dilutes the quality of the writing or Waiting for Godot performed by an all-female cast somehow sullies the work, Im not going to debate, but as generation follows generation, people find they can relate to these plays in new and unexpected ways. The more I thought about it the more I realised I was more interested in Didi and Gogo: The Next Generation than trying to imagine younger versions of these much-loved characters.
I learned a few interesting things from the article. Cutting is an accepted part of the Goth culture (but is not only done in that group), and is more common in girls than boys. Wendy Lader, PhD, also states that Very often, kids who self-harm have an eating disorder. They may have a history of sexual, physical, or verbal abuse.Many are sensitive, perfectionists, overachievers. The self-injury begins as a defense against whats going on in their family, in their lives. They have failed in one area of their lives, so this is a way to get control. This could hit any family, however, says Lader, who points out that many kids who self-injure are simply regular kids going through the adolescent struggle for self-identity Lader adds, Theyre experimenting.
you both took the same detour
His father Nick Clooney did a live variety show on TV. At a young age, and with a high voice, he dressed as a leprechaun on a St. Patricks Day broadcast. Another time, he wore an Easter Bunny outfit.
All of this also makes me wonder, is it the relationship length that is decreasing the desire? Or simply the other milestones (kids, moving in,career moves) that happen to correspond to relationship length? And how do we keep the desire in our relationships over the long haul?
Listen to me! This is insane!
BW said that the AE was lame, and that no one should be talking about her husband. That it was HER business.
This was going to be my April teaser, but the last couple of weeks were busy with the Merola Opera Programs annual Benefit Gala, A Royal Affair (there are Mlanie and I above in our tiaras). So the April teaser is being posted in early May. Its a scene from the novella Im writing about Malcolm/Charles and Mlanie/Suzannes engagement and wedding, provisionally titled The Lisbon Bride. In this scene, Charles/Malcolm tells his valet Addison that hes going to be married. Its fascinating for me to go back in time and discover who these characters I know so well were at the start of their relationship.
Leaving the whole world behind me,
Todays post is focused on Apples iOS, formally known as iPhone OS. Ive been using iOS since its release back in 2007 and a lot of enhancements have been added (thanks in part to Jailbreak Developers) to the user interface over the years to make it the most popular app development mobile platform in the world. Notice I said, enhancements and not changes.
Oil continues gushing from the Deepwater Horizon well. The big questions are still: what exactly happened, what is being done about it, and where is the oil going? Keep in mind that regardless of what safeguards or prohibitions the United States puts on deep water drilling in its own coastal waters, it still wants the drilling to continue and expand around the world, and so do all the worlds oil consumers. What is happening in the Gulf of Mexico could happen all along the Gulf of Guinea, and in increasingly numerous locations all around the world. Would governments be able to hold the oil companies to account for timely fixes and for damages? So far the US government is doing a poor job of protecting or investigating. There are lessons and warnings in the US Governments approach to analysing and cleaning up following the spill.
First up is my favourite shot of my daughter.
spicy sesame noodles with red peppers, peas & scallions
This grilled cheese sandwich has since evolved further. There have been times where we have sliced turkey or venison summer sausage in with the apples and it becomes a truly hearty delight. Using artisan breads, special cheeses, or slathering in a cranberry sauce or robust mustard can also elevate the traditional grilled cheese really, the possibilities are endless. What we have come to really enjoy, however, is prepared as follows:
At 10:00 yesterday my screen went black for a few seconds, maybe as much as a full minute.
such a winter. Has the Earth
The little time I do have I'd like to concentrate on my writing and my critique partners work. I hope you understand. Best of luck with your writing endeavors - Cynthia
1 c. celery, diced
COMMENT.
Im Still Standing and Up Up Up
and rising with the sun. i have met another starseed and our long days
Well, at least life isnt a dull occasion in these times!
I hate to admit this but I've been having a major problem being single. I find it difficult to cook for one, when I open a bottle of wine I (most of the time) drink the whole thing (usually not the best of ideas but sometimes not the worse), and when I come home and want to talk to someone... well, I can't. On the other hand, I've been having a great time with my friends and even the occasional alone time is quite comforting.
Spread the joy =)
Quick Facts! Books: THE NEAR WITCH (2011), THE ARCHIVED (2013) Literary Agent: Holly Root at Waxman Literary Film Agent: Jon Cassir at CAA Publisher: Disney*Hyperion
Stamping over the top I used Claire's no. 172. I really wish Claire's Accessories would name their polishes..
7. . . . own just a single house. (No doubt, this might be the first rule Id break. I cant reconcile this one without thinking big money turns people into monsters. How do you own twelve mansions & leave 11 sitting empty, then read the paper & see how others live?)
Ive also realized that this has caused distances within my friendships. I know that Im a difficult person to live with because of this, and I may be a difficult person to be around (especially when its in my home) in general. But is this the reason I cant keep long term friendships?
Our final (full) day in New York was another busy one for us as we still had plenty of Nabeelas list to go through. We started off with a walk through Central Park. Central Park is a massive, landscaped park in, well, the centre of New York. Its rectangular and is sized to fit within the Manhattan grid system and is well worth a visit. Whilst cars can drive through bits of it, it is possible in many areas to not hear the sounds of cars whizzing past  so its a relative oasis of calm in a crazy-busy city. We wandered around the lakes and the Jackie Onassis Reservoir (not that impressive, just a bit puddle of water really). Nabeela was her usual trigger-happy self whilst I was my usual sucker-for-taking-photos-for-other-people  I could make a career out of this. Nabeela has become very proficient with our Micro 4/3rds (a mini-slr) [link to wiki on camera-type], spending loads of time tinkering with the settings to get the photo she wants. I remember when we first got the camera (as a wedding present from my Khala) that I figured I would be using it most  I think it has turned out to be Nabeela that has in fact.
So come in and embrace 90210s mediocrity with me with my weekly character breakdown.
Right now they dont.
She might even be flattered
.This picture is just to the right of the door my husband put the shelves up for me and this is where I store book scrapbook albums.Also my sizzix dies.My cricut carts.And much more I think you cant have enough shelves.
Playwright Brian Friels genius lifts the quotidian nature of a family drama to the art of an unconventional play born out of the memory of one character, Michael Evans.
So-called alternative or renewable energy is always far more expensive than the kind generated by nuclear or coal-fired plants.
In goes the frozen peas and the precooked chicken. Saut well on medium heat, just to thaw the peas.
In a double boiler (or put about 1 cup water in a sauce pan, simmer and top with a heatproof mixing bowl), place butter, semisweet and unsweetened chocolate in the bowl over the hot water. Stir frequently until mixture has melted completely. Remove bowl from heat carefully and set aside to cool slightly.
Architect: Unknown
Yeah, the snow was a real pain in the neck, as well as in the back, but the advantage to all that snow is what is does for the garden. The deep cold stimulates the plant growth process. It's the same thing that professional growers do to "force" flowers to bloom when they want them to. And all that melting snow deeply saturates the ground, giving reawakening plants plenty of fuel for growth. The result? An abundant garden bursting with life.
Moms maybe today finds you beating up on yourself a bit, maybe you're giving yourself a hard time because you just can't do it all, or do it all anymore.
Both of my friends who lost of left their jobs are now back in the workforce, with less pay, but more humanly working hours.
y que rpido se nos destruyen los sueos.
I dont want to find myself sighing and frightened,
A complimentary listing on their website for your fabulous dress.
I prefer them as little light whirls all on their own!
Trippple Nippples
The links that Uncles, Tilbrook and the majority of the National Council have forged with ex-BNP members now in the EDP, is contaminating the whole English nationalist movement. It is not just a few ordinary members of the BNP who have joined; two of the EDP candidates next month are actually paid to work for a BNP Member of the European Parliament.
Aroma: The first impression is of a new-mowed lawn. Second impression brought a slightly sweet malted barley aroma to the front, more or less. Finally the lip-to-sip confirmed the hops as the dominant flavor. The new-mowed lawn is joined by a very slight lemon aroma.
My next projects are what i have created on Orlando as i visited there in 2001 and am returning again in 2012 to visit some of the places that we didnt get to first time around.
It looks like another big move by HSN CEO Mindy Grossman, the Terminator.
In case you have been wondering at my lack of posting, this week is finals week.
The programme cited a particular trip on January 26, 2009. Blair was in the country in his official capacity as peace envoy. Accompanying him, however, was Jonathan Powell, Blairs private secretary at the time of the Iraq war, and now senior adviser to TBA. Shortly afterwards, TBA won a contract with the Kuwaiti regime to produce a review of its economy, rumoured to be worth 27 million.
200g digestive biscuits
WIN IT:
8:30 ish- I do a load or two of laundry (it is hard to keep a family of 5 up-to-date with clean laundry), try to catch up on the hubs and kids day, and clean up the kitchen mess from dinner. Look at the rest of the messy house and sigh. That mess will have to wait for another day.
The girls came home and played and it was just a great day.
The gravel trail is level but frailty comes
I'm sure theres something about me you could not like. My ex-wife could give you a list.
But CAIR is far from alone in fueling an international perception of anti-Muslim bias that was raised by Clinton's questioner.
The prophet read from the book. Early to bed and early to rise makes a man let slip the dogs of war.
guests in our home and we love visiting those we are close to. We
Last, but certainly not least, we stopped at a place called Salamon Voyage. Its a taxi park where people wait for buses to come along and take them to other cities in Cameroon. It also has a chop house in the back where people who are waiting for the next bus can get some food. I wanted to go there because I heard they have good soya, a dish with cut up bits of steak meat. It was delicious. It tasted just like a steak from back home. Dayyibu did the ordering and I just sat down and waited. It cost 500 francs (a little over a dollar) to get a dish that had probably about a third pound of meat. They also give you a plate that has a little bit of salt and pepe (a pepper similar to cayenne) on it. You eat the meat with your fingers (with your right hand) and can dip it into the salt/pepe. Dayyibu I and split three orders of the meat and we each had a cup of hot tea. The tea was very good and sweet, with lots of sugar. All in all the whole meal cost a little less than 5 dollars between the two of us and filled me up pretty well. The area where the giant meat slaps are cut up looked pretty unsanitary but hey, thats what the fire is for. Joan said as long as the food is still hot when you get it, youll be okay. Never eat something that isnt hot except for fruits that have not been peeled yet. Theyre still okay.
Band Aid - Do They Know It's Christmas - 10 Million
I was much more pleased with this dress than Id expected to be. The fabric was extremely soft, drapey, and comfortable. In fact, once I ran my hand over it I was pretty sure it was not cotton at all. In fact this one is mislabeled on the site, the tag revealed it to be 100% Viscose.
These are amazing beings in any reality. Their powers are mighty, and their beingness is mighty. Now, you have need to understand that the Godhead has surrounded themselves with the most beautiful, with the highest energy. And so, these are beings of adoration, and these are beings that you will often hear us refer to as those of the pink rayit is pink-gold, actually. And their purpose is simply to be in attendance, in adoration. They are the singers of hosanna and praise.
So I went for the money. It wasnt a massive amount, certainly not life changing. The majority of it went to my mum, whod been bailing me out when my earnings dipped due to spending so much time on the case. A couple of weeks later my engine blew in my car, so the rest went on a second-hand Punto. Thats the sums were talking about, not Ferarri territory. Not even close.
8. Oh, and it also lost the government a huge source of taxes (not that I approve of those excise taxes, but I've found my opposition to them to be quixotic at best) and turned the quality of that product to crap. Thanks.
HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) will show you:
OSHA recommends Outreach Training Program courses as an orientation to occupational safety and health for workers. Workers must receive additional training, when required by OSHA standards, on the specific hazards of their job.
Some of your footprints even the tide cannot wash away,
We are having a BBQ for dinner ... means very little in the way of a clean up afterward ..
Well I think we are all ready for back to school now!!!! Thanks for sharing all of your AMAZING creations with us this week!!! And as always a big thanks to Simon Says for helping us with such a fun challenge!!!!
What does what mean? I replied.
Associate Professor Brian P. Farrell
Fold foil to close and crimp edges to seal. Place the tin foil package at the edge of the fire. Do not place it directly in the flame. The goal is not to burn it to a crisp, but to roast it slowly with the heat from the fire. Remember to turn it every 3 to 5 minutes or so (it shouldn't take longer than 10 to 15 minutes, depending how your open fire is and how thick your piece of meat is). Take it off the heat.
Share seven things about myself.
Vegetable garden plan compared with the initial version is evolving with the time, new vegetable beds being constructed and unexpected problems with lettuce container and excessive water. My old wooden composting bin got old and I had to replace it with a new one. Also wooden and as a new, very practical feature, it has bottom opening for easy access to ready compost. After putting it together it became clear, that it will not fit the place planned for it. Frankly speaking composting bin fits the place, but my modest persona can't :) if I want to do something there.
Just when the trend for doggie motifs on jumpers etc. has moved on I feel free to indulge in some puppy love.
The bible never commands us to give thanks for everything but rather to give thanks in everything in everything give thanks; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you. (1 Thess 5: 18). There is a big difference between the two, and it is pretty difficult to be thankful for many things. For example, if someone gets into a car accident do you give thanks for the car accident? Do you say thank you God for smashing my car. No. But do you give thanks in the car accident? Yes. Why?
I've been away for awhile. I have been so ambivalent of time as of late that I didn't even realize months had gone by since I last posted. Months . . . lifetimes, really.
Which is one of the reasons I decided to get a cane today. I've been thinking about trying to make the switch to a cane for a few days and I figured now I really need to do it because I'm going to need to have at least one free hand for child wrangling on Saturday.
The song of the cafe is loud. I sit and stare at the screen, ready to burst. Nothing comes.
Here are the ones I was able to match up amongst the mess I started out with....and I added a couple of swimming suits and a cover-up in case someone invites me on a last minute trip or cruise or to an indoor pool! (Hint, hint!) I like to be prepared.
My son, after eating the paleo way for a few days, came out of the bathroom one morning, announcing that his poop was green. And that, in his opinion, was just sick and wrong. I told him, it was actually quite normal, as he transitioned into this new way of eating. He was a little weirded out at first but took my word for it. :) Good boy.
Well now I feel a little better getting something up since it's been forever except I just realized that my camera went kaput on my trip from the heat and humidity... Xmas ideas for me... New digital camera Please:) Kap kuhn ka! xoxo
SA's Minister of Rural Development and Land Affairs Gugile Nkwinti warned on March 2 2010 at a press conference that 90% of all the 'redistributed farms' were unproductive, with 5,9-million hectares of these formerly white-owned, productive farms laying idle, its once so modern, well-developed, multi-billion Rand infrastructures stripped and vandalised by looters. He blamed the entire problem on 'foreign-land ownership' however  threatening to crack down hard, saying:
runners-up and shortlisted poets will be notified by post. All shortlisted poems will appear in number 80 of The Frogmore Papers (September 2012), which will be available at 5.00 from the address below, and on the Frogmore Press website.
Monsoon - A UK retailer that I've just discovered that has some items in up to a UK22. Sadly, there is no search by size feature on their website, but these are a few of my favourites that are in stock in sizes 16-22 at the moment. They currently have a free international shipping promo going on. It ends on October 31st.
One day we met Aunt Joyce at the local pizza diner, and had a great lunch. We also went and visited Aunt Joyce at home and played with her and her puppies. The girls were super excited to playing with Joyce and getting to know her.
UMNO seems to hint that the minorities should know their place and accept the status quo. Apparently, any challenge to they being the master will invoke the ire of UMNO. There can never be national unity if a single ethnic group can own the biggest share of the nations wealth. There can never be national unity if schools and colleges are identified by race and religion or only meant for a single race. There can never be national unity if the minorities are not well represented in the government. Race and religion cannot be the excuse for UMNOs failure in integrating the races.
It certainly seems that the answer is yes. What could be more caring than European volunteers heading into the darkest darkness of Africa to help rescue the poor brown babies? Well, actually, perhaps those World Bank officials who have finally grown a pair and said, enough is enough, and started affixing conditions to the endless supply of aid money, are far more caring.
- The recipe calls for chopped nuts and raisins. I was baking this cake for my book group and there are some raisin-haters and nut-shunners among the members. I omitted the raisins and figured that I could get away with very finely chopped pecans (the least offensive nut to my tasters). Trader Joe's sells bags of toasted, chopped (finely) pecans that are an absolute lifesaver for a busy baker.
So in the case at hand, in order to recognize that intelligent design is the best explanation of the appearance of design in the universe, one neednt be able to explain the Designer. Whether the Designer has an explanation can simply be left an open question for future inquiry.
1.Run a line of moderately longer stitches all the way around the sleeve at exactly 5/8".
folded ribbon
We're in the final few days of the Landscape Futures Super-Workshop now, heading out soon for another field trip this afternoon, after half a week of presentations, lectures, site visits, crits, walks, and much else besides.
Next in line are two brand new reds that I got even before they were named. They started out as 11.10.9 and 11.10.9s. Now they are known as Crimson and Ruby Slippers respectively. Both are limited run colors, and Crimson is already available, while Ruby Slippers will come out sometime in April, according to CiM's website.
In an interview with Coach Tyson after the practice, one quickly get a sense of his background and prowess in the game of basketball. A champion at every level, he states this year indeed will be a fun season.
Thursday: 30 min. run
I sat them both down and laid out my thoughts on it all, which went something like this: I am not ok with it. I will never condone or allow it. I do not want to ever see you high or doing it.You are not to have any type of drug or paraphernalia in the house. If I do find it on you or in your rooms I WILL report it to the community police officer. I will not take any responsibility for any trouble you get into related to its use. You are putting yourselves and your 3 year old sister at risk of social services taking action against our family if there are drugs found in this house, so I will completely comply with any social worker or police officer that wants to take action against YOU for YOUR poor choice. I will not pay court fines. If you steal anything (to pay for drugs?) I will report you. If it escalates to probation or juvenile hall, I will have no sympathy and I will not pay for any costs and I will not put any money on your books or pay to get you out.
I think I would rather drink a glass of wee.
If you want to experience the salvation of one who is lost they must see the better way. That is why the command of 2 Timothy 4:2 is to Preach the word. One is not to dwell on ones past life but the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is the Holy Spirit that convicts men of their sin and not the words or stories we could produce.
Anyway, thank goodness for EC because that would NOT have been fun to clean up. His second poop was modest and we caught that later in the day and wasnt nearly as interesting and it was done in one go. When Daddy Man got home Moose had been eating non stop for an hour and so peed like crazy for the first 30 minutes of the hand off, had a giant poop that exploded out of the sumo prefold while I was at work. He ate some more, then fell asleep for 3 1/2 hours I was told. So I was home 30 minutes before I took him for a nice wee before we came to bed. Itty Bitty was kind of stir crazy and Daddy Man was in a mood when I got home.
Rich arabs, particularly "royalty" (though the arabic definition of royalty is... expansive. There are thousands of Saudi princes for example) tend to view the lower class staff as fair game, or even as their due, or just reward.
Honorable mention this week goes to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. How shocking to see this group acting in a truly Christian way! In a strongly worded letter to Congress, the Bishops tear into the budget proposal put forward by Rep. Paul Ryan, pointing out how it violates Catholic precepts by putting the poor, vulnerable, and needy at risk.
I had also never heard the story of young English comic Des OConnors first time playing the notorious Glasgow Empire where they famously hated all English acts. He went so badly on his first nightly performance that he figured the only thing he could do was pretend to faint, which he did and got carted off to the Royal Infirmary.
Irene didnt turn to see the boy on his knees, desperately trying to reassemble pieces of burger and place them back in their polystyrene trays. It was another persons kindness that brought the hot embarrassed tears to his eyes as he finally sat back, acknowledging that hed never be able to brush the dirt and grit from the fries lying scattered across the path.
Rob G: ok iknow its not a question for me but i would like to weigh in on goku vs superman. yes superman is fast and can shoot heat rays out of his xray eyes, and is powered by the sun thus making him one OP motha. this being said just about every character in DBZ seems to shoot lazers out of something and can fly and are ridiculously fast. the biggest difference is in power source. superman has sun, goku has getting pissed and sensu beans. by this logic goku wins because he could just blow up the sun and instant transmission out this bitch with the rest of the planet while superman could be left scratching his ass wondering what happened. one spirit bomb, all im saying.
Here are my thoughts from my donation:
Ive just found out that the much-advertised only five-star hairdressers in town has shut down, due to unforeseen circumstances. Im guessing that the circumstances are because if theres one thing the locals dont want then its a five-star haircut. Looking at my own in the mirror I reckon Ive probably got a Blue Square Bet conference division hair cut.
Khar spoke these lines with such conviction and inherent dishonesty that I wouldn't be at all surprised to find out she was related to Hillary Clinton somewhere along the line.
Last but not least, an update on the gluten free living. I've been gluten free since the end of January. At first, I was feeling great and sure this was the best decision for me and my health. Then slowly, I started having the joint pains again-this time with more frequency and pain. Then I would randomly eat gluten in small amounts, mainly when out of town. Now, even when I have absolutely no gluten, I'm still having the pains intermittently. However, I am still gluten free. I still make exceptions when traveling by eating a meal or snack with gluten in it. At home, I am almost always GF. I have found out some things I was eating were not actually GF, even though one would assume so. I guess I need to keep checking even if I assume it "should be" GF. I have been reading about osteoarthritis and feel like I'm on that track since I have rheumatoid arthritis. Maybe I'm just reaching for answers.I need to lose weight-about 30 pounds. I think I'm going to have to get back on Weight Watchers and also watch my gluten intake. I'm a little discouraged-I was so sure that the gluten was making me have the pains, and now that I'm 99% sure it wasn't, it's like, what now?
And he laughed at me, "You do NOT look white."
Toss with the drained fusilli and serve immediately.
That can be a good or bad thing...
Each vacation rental homes and condos. If you like and you will enjoy a foreign country with all the disney vacation packages canadian and how the discounted disney vacation packages will also meet local people because the discounted disney vacation packages in these outdoor activities at your rental and reservations for your to use. You should never give away your personal information or bank account access if you happen to be too stuffy or not as personalized or homey as you would like a real vacation.
I need to see that eye doctor (but I cant!) I need to straighten out some business affairs, and pay the dentist bill. I need to make a memory box and start a Life Book for V. Jesus Christ, I need a break. I need to interrupt less and listen more.
YOU ARE / I AM Book & Postcard Exhibition
Some evenings were planned, like the ones where Dad got out the slide projector and embarrassed all of us with those dorky pictures from the 1970s and 1980s. Wed point at each other, commenting on the bad haircuts, tube socks with shorts, or stirrup pants with huge oversized shoulder-padded sweaters.
7And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,
My class has been taking quizzes on the reading as well as doing comprehension questions and character charts. I pass the quizzes easily, because your writing is deep and memorable. Everything about it is exhiliarating and flowing. The questions are easy because when I need evidence I want to go back and reread and take in everything I missed. The character chart was the hardest piece of work to do because everything you need is spread out throughout the reading.
The daily London gold fixing occurs at the N. M. Rothschild Bank in the City of London. Here, five of the Eight Families-linked banks unilaterally decide what the price of gold will be each morning. Kleinwort Bensons Sharps Pixley subsidiary is one of five firms. Another is Mocatta Metals. It is majority-owned by Standard Chartered- the Cecil Rhodes-founded bank whose Dubai branch wired Mohammed Atta the funds he needed to carry out the 911 operation.
Cold Kiss by Amy Garvey
Serve chilled. (I prefer this dip with ritz crackers the best! :))
6. Finally, what are your thoughts on the current state of music in general and the place of your own genre within the wider sphere of popular music?
Oh and before I forget, here are the palettes in the room:-)
I have a dog who is ready at any time, anywhere. Tell the lady she needs to be ready for a rough treatment is one of the replies.
And then deep in the abyss that is my purse, my fingers grazed across the ultimate solution...which is why, if you'd driven past us on the highway tonight and snuck a peek in the backseat of my car, you'd have seen my son with a tampon shoved up his left nostril, the string flapping in the breeze of his downed window. Somewhere in the wilds, I think Bear Grylls felt a chill rush through him. Such ingenuity! Such, well, we'll leave it at that. That's a merit badge right there, kids! Here, son, use this giant Q-tip to staunch the blood!
CPJ now considers Pakistan to be the deadliest country in the world for reporters. As a result of this danger, self-censorship has increased, particularly on sensitive topics like blasphemy laws and the role and reach of the security forces.
01 October Swimmer
Llandudno Museum-This museum houses everything from medieval to samurai armour, Japanese netsukes to Egyptian ushabtis, Roman oil lamps to WW11 gas masks, also coal mining. A fascinating and eclectic place.
This weeks theme is  AGREE , Nod, accept, etc
Who took Tempranillo to Tuscany and when? Was it deliberate, or just a happy accident? If it had been found in Southern Italy or the Islands it would have been more logical as they were under Spanish or Catalan dominion for a long time. They certainly took Garnacha / Grenache / Garnatxa to Sardinia where it is known as Cannonau and Carinea / Carignan which the Sardinians today call Carignano.
A possible solution
But I'm also overwhelmed by all the people, mainly tourists, and it's not even peak tourism season yet.
The Red-winged Blackbird is omnivorous, the main part of its diet consisting of plant materials, including seeds from weeds and waste grain such as corn and rice, and fruit (blueberries, blackberries) in season, but about a quarter of its diet consists of insects and other small animals, and this amount increases during the breeding season. The Red-wing forages for its preferred food of flies, moths, butterflies and dragon and damsel flies by picking them from plants or catching them in the air; but they will also eat snails, frogs, carrion, worms and spiders. They seem to happily accept seeds, bread or suet as well.
The campaign website of National Assembly speaker (and presidential candidate) Dioncounda Traor says he is in Burkina Faso, where he has met about the situation in Bamako with President Blaise Compaor. This would explain why the CNRDR doesnt have him in custody.
Best Middle School Book is Meet Christopher: An Osage Indian Boy from Oklahoma. Written by Genevieve Simermeyer, with photographs by Katherine Fogden, Meet Christopher is published by the National Museum of the American Indian, in association with Council Oak Books, 2008. It is the fourth book in the "My World: Young Native Americans Today" series, in which each book is written and photographed by Native contributors.
It's been a while since I've posted because I haven't really felt like I had anything much to say. The normal goings on of the Spaz family haven't stopped - we've had karate, and horses, and girl scouts, and family get-togethers, and camping trips, and melt downs, and messes, and all of it. I just haven't felt like reporting everything.
I fidgeted in my best and only black suit, hot under the collar. The wind frisked the ladies' wide black skirts, dirty mother that he was. Auntie was nodding, murmuring amens as the preacher went on about sinners and salvation, Heaven and Hell. Mother just stood there, her eyes fixed on the coffin. I wondered if she saw through the rough planks to my father's body, to the cancer that killed him. I wondered if she was thanking God. I was only ten, but I knew even then that a turnout of six (not counting the preacher and the mortician) said something about the man whose funeral it was.
I went to a folk music concert with a group of friends, after the concert my always absent lover showed up and invited to go off with him. I declined and went home where I took what turned out an insufficient amount of Dimedrol. While waiting for death I thought briefly of my parents whod probably not get why I was dead. I was certain it didnt matter what they thought. I would disappear and with me everything else would disappear. A solipsism of suicide.
When you remove it from the baking dish, wrap in a tea towel and let stand, on it's side, until cool.
*Baby Papasan infant seat
Dearest Readers,
I am becoming unsoulclogged.
I got my papas nose.
So, today, 7 years later, I dont eat red meat, processed meats, fish and chicken on the boneso that leaves me with chicken fillets only. The reason for this is: Fish doesnt look like they meant to be eaten, red meat is just gross and if it wasnt for a really badly cooked chicken I was made to eat (that still had traces of fresh blood on the bone), fillet chicken is all Im eating. So, being older and wiser and still no concrete valid reason for not eating meat, Ive decided to clue myself up on vegetarian terms and the benefits of my eating arrangements, through a series of upcoming blogs
Paul Groves (tenor)
of paper on
As you breathe-in draw peace into yourself
9 Land of Hope and Dreams (with Tom Morello)
So use this time of year, when closed toed shoes are a must, to ditch your square toe pumps and boring old boots, and invest in some shoes with bows.
But, I am
Ready to take on a challenge? Try to make the majority of your meal: VEGGIES! This means youll be eating less carbohydrates and less fat. But, youll be getting more low-calorie, antioxidant and fiber-rich veggies. So youll fill up on fewer calories. In a month you could lose 3-8 pounds just by eating more vegetables!
Northanger Abbey
I mean what else could he do
In a medium sauce pan briskly whisk together the milk, sugar, cornstarch, salt, egg, and egg yolk. Once well combined place the pan over low to medium heat, being sure to continuously whisk (helps to avoid clumps and eggs cooking) until thick and bubbling.
City traffic staff was first asked to review Governors at Davidson for a possible roundabout in 2005 by then Dundas city councillor Art Samson and his community council.
3. Pray for Lakin. God has been growing and maturing his heart in preparation for this adoption by leaps and bounds. Pray that God will continue to develop him into a protective and loving big brother and that God will continue to make room in his heart to share with a little sister.
Has anyone heard of Kent Haruf? I hadnt until Scott Pack, on his blog, mentioned this novel and what a fine writer Haruf is. I found PLAINSONG and its sequel, EVENTIDE at the library and Ive just finished reading the latter. My advice is: run, dont walk to the nearest library to you and see if you can find them there. They are quite marvellous. A combination of Raymond Carver (very plain and unadorned prose) Cormac McCarthy (hard men, farmers, the land, a very small town in Colorado, an amazing landscape etc) and Elizabeth Strout(sensitive portrayal of feelings, emotions, especially of children and women and a build up of the story of a whole community in short chapters). I feel Haruf is my discovery of the year and I will now read everything hes written. I cant recommend him strongly enough.
The ad is noteworthy not because of its content. Its just a Doritos commercial, after all. As Mosaic senior pastor Erwin McManus explains, Were not trying to use Doritos to propagate a message, but I think we want people to know that we have a sense of humor, that its OK to laugh. Whats most interesting to me is the fact that a church has the possibility of making a foray into that icon of American culture, the Super Bowl.
Suddenly breeding special species of human beings has gained currency amongst intelligentsia in the country! A leading film star, John Abhram made waves by declaring that every third girl in the country is dying for donor sperms to raise a progeny which will be a class apart in terms of macho looks and brawn! The IVF clinics in the country are having a field day in making tall claims and promises for those without kids! Lord Krishnas elder brother Balrama was born to parents Devaki and Vasudeva as their seventh son.
That happened to me over the weekend. It was a slow dawning of understanding that didnt quite fully realize itself until this morning (Monday) when all the facts were finally in order. Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me (it has an evil side like that) and so I wasnt quite sure if I was imagining that this thing was done, if I had literally forgotten that I had done it myself or if there was something else at work. Turns out it was something else at work.
VIII
Learning by doing, electronic system with electronic feedback, scaffolding and hints, if students dont ask for hints, they may be moved further along while others get more opportunity for practice.
knowing in moments
I am of course lying.
Do not sorrow, for the joy of the LORD is your strength.
And beings are micro-causal effects of subliminal dreams projected on the macrospace
I have recently been informed that Monsanto, the bane of heirloom and organic gardeners and farmers, acquired Seminis back in 2005 and may or may not also now own some of your other suppliers. I realize that your plants are not GMO but if Monsanto continues to buy up legitimate firms with no backlash then, not only will they continue to grow, make millions and continue to buy out heirloom firms, they will also very likely start to close down heirloom seeds altogether. I have zero faith and trust in Monsanto and I do not wish to support Monsanto in any form or fashion and am actually pretty upset that I have at least one of the products that Monsanto owns growing in my container garden. I got these plants because they had your label and I am hoping that there is some way to resolve this. I hope that you are able to reconsider selling Seminis and make sure that no other suppliers have been tainted by that monstrosity called Monsanto.
4) How should I roll?
Short films
From: Ellis Tyd
I'm done with the lies and the deceit. I'm done with what I now realize may have been years of emotional abuse and allowing him to control my life. I'm done with having to check-in when I'm out with my girlfriends or working late. I'm done with the fact that my family never really liked you. I'm done with you not allowing me to see my own self-worth. I'm done with the not-so-secret accounts that I've found out about. I'm done with the infidelity. I'm done with the accusations even though you were the one out there having all the fun. I'm done with the games. I'm done with the sneaking around. I'm done with him acting like he didn't see one of my girlfriends at 3:30am in the morning. Yeah...if you're reading this...you're so busted on that one. I'm done with needing to call him when I need something fixed. The Biscuits have already volunteered their husbands for various activities if and when I need help around the house. (Don't get it dirty y'all...one is a techie, one is handy, and one knows his automobiles!) In fact, I'm damn proud of myself for fixing my light post by my driveway and re-setting my own furnace when I woke up and it was 62 degrees in my house. I'm done with all of the incredible things that I have found out over the last two weeks. But since I'm a classy girl, I am not going to share all of that with you guys. All I will say is that the new information proves one thing...CERTIFIABLE!
three chocolate hazelnut tart
Terror Birds are apex predators. They're tall, flightless animals with long, strong necks and large, hard beaks that can cut through flesh. Their small, atrophied wings bear two small useless claws. They run as fast as horses and hunt with the cunning of wolves.
As women we have come so far in this ever changing climate. Celebrating the amazing women that surround us all.
My best advice to you is to lie. While I normally advocate honesty in relationships, this goes into the 'little white lie' category, not the 'whopper' classification. You're not claiming to have paid the mortgage when you actually bought several pairs of Manolos, nor are you claiming to be drafting a sales proposal on the computer when you are carrying on a cyber-affair. You are simply ensuring that you depart for social events on time in the most painless way.
Dr Meier continued: We have to be careful and have to study more MS brains but this is potentially very exciting research. Now we understand how EBV gets smuggled into the brain by cells of the immune system and that it is found at the crime scene, right where the attack on our nervous system occurs. Now we know this, we may have a number of new ways of treating or even preventing the disease.
Moodiness, irritability, random crying.
Italys story is a story in its own right. The pro multis question was voted on during the plenary assembly of the Episcopal Conference held in Assisi in November 2010. According to figures which also find their way onto the website edited by Vatican correspondent Sandro Magister, 171 out of 187 voters voted in favour of keeping for all. This reluctance to implement the requested change had also been expressed by regional Episcopal Conferences.
This area of preparing isn't all that exciting but some things we stocked up on in the past month were:
Im impressed at how coherent most of the responses were. I know I was practically frothing at the mouth and it was evident that many others were as well. But we kept it together and presented civil feedback. Most of the devs responses had to do with work in progress and expected redesign of Holy Nova, we just dont know how yet.
In our reading series, there is a unit all about animal camouflage.
Now I wasn't sure of this, Quiet Riot?
The Boca Raton Forum recently posted a nice article about Field of Flowers. We are very proud of our designers and their designs
That's when Coraline decides she would rather have her original life. "The needle's so sharp, it won't hurt" is Other-father's idea of reassurance.
Buddhism story:
Other Posts :
from the desire of being praised,
The winners are foreign nations (like India and China) who can influence Canada's domestic affairs to suit their interests through their Canadian colonies Ottawa so stupidly imported, nurtured, and grew.
Spoon batter into prepared pan; sharply tap the pan once on counter to remove air bubbles. Bake at 350 for 45 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in pan 10 minutes on a wire rack; remove from pan. Cool completely on a wire rack. Sift powdered sugar over top of cake. Cut cake into 16 slices.
Lined with wipe able fabric. Main fabric bright pink/green/orange check.
The personality trait most useful in my life is Communication. Although that depends on who you are. Not everyone likes the fact I like to communicate with them, as often as I do.
can you tell i'm already procrastinating?
You can call my "Jack of all trades" master of none, hahaha, because is true!*grin*
Hubris in her torn and tattered robes,
the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world
One festival done, now on to the V & E Artwalk. Again, I wasnt sure what to expect from the first V & E event. Walking up I was very surprised how many artists had booths set up. The art? Very good. Did I buy something? Yes I did. Two things actually. First up, one of the coolest shirts in Memphis:
Sour grapes?
The Guardian also had a lengthy profile of the EDL, and there are a series of articles on the Hope not Hate website which go into the EDLs origins and structures in great detail. In particular, they highlight the ambiguous position that the BNP holds in regards to this new combination of football hooligan gangs and street racists. The BNP, and the NF before it, used to openly embrace football hooligans as useful muscle with a fierce nationalist pride. However, demonstrations and punch ups no longer fit with the image that the BNP tries to project, and so the EDL has filled a gap in far right politics that the BNP voluntarily vacated in its pursuit of votes.
Jim Keltner, drums
I would love to know how they sold but even if the Widmers shared the data it would be hard to interpret It is hard to de-trend and isolate an individual beer's effect on sales. By this I mean that if you bought an X-114 and loved it and went back and bought the IPA again, you might have missed the X-114 and picked up a Falconer's. When you did so you might not have noticed the change or you might have noticed the change but figured that since you liked the X-114 your would give the Falconer's a try.
But then, I am in Helsinki, and along with the familiar chocolate Easter eggs and rabbits, there are other cultural traditions being played out that reflect Finland's past domination by eastern and western powers. The witches, I'm told, came from Sweden and the wands from Russia, mixing together to make an intriguing local custom where costumed witches recite good wishes with their willow wands in return for sweets.
Not today my love. You will have to spend a full year without seeing me. If you still love me come down here and you will turn into a mermaid the moment you will touch that rock in the middle of the cove. she pointed out a rock in the middle of the cove.
Scattered around some of these homes, littering the lawns and driveways like nasty lawn ornaments, are numerous corpses. It is hard to tell if some of these corpses were zombies that were shot or if these corpses are the result of pitched battles. Probably a little of both I am guessing.
Voice of Crow wasn't as exciting as Eyes of Crow. There is really only one major conflict, a gripping conflict, but it's the only thing in the book. That in comparison to Eyes of Crow, which I thought had multiple conflicts, makes this one a little dry for me.
The green jets out like an island of its own with water surrounding it. From the middle of the fairway, players are usually left with 120-140 yards to the green. If you slice your ball off the tee, you will be left with a long shot, 150-170 yards to the green. Its almost better to lay up and use a wedge to drop your ball on the green because it isnt a very big putting surface.
It's also quite clear that I was interested in this transition from childhood to adulthood at the time. Of course, when I was living it, I did not think of myself as young and unsure of where I fit in the world. I was just the same old me. But, I was in fact precisely a young thang, with an extended education, but not sure how it could be useful to me or anyone else. I assume in 15 years, I will see what I am now more clearly. None of this is to say that my characters were exactly me. They were not. It's just that I was apparently interested in these issues 15 years ago.
A Few things we have learned:
My personal favorite on Hoods is a dandy new version of an old song Williams co-wrote, Mojo Hannah. This has been recorded by Esther Phillips, Aaron Neville, Marvin Gaye, and an underrated New Orleans singer named Tami Lynn. Williams doesnt have the voice of any of those, but his knowing rasp does the song justice.
bearing five others, by an exaggerated, excessive man
If You Liked This, You Might Like (Or in this case, you might like better)
to the Graduate Diploma of Secondary Education, and upon return to mum and dad's, I
When I think of my favorite works by Duncan Grant, I consider his landscapes, his interiors, his still life paintings, his decorative work, and his works that were considered especially outstanding, such as "Bathing" and "The Dancers." Most of them express the exuberance and joy that I associate with Duncan Grant, the artist and the person. There is a lyricism, spontaneity, and sensuousness to his work that many critics have observed. I admire all of them. But my favorites, the ones that I always want to see are the portraits, like this one:
ABV: ~3.3%
Back to the Senate
The Second World War ensured there were no games in 1940 or 1944, so the 1948 London Games were the next. The British organisers might have consigned the torch relay to the oblivion it deserved. Instead, they decided it was traditional and kept it. The British have a long history of inventing traditions  but few as unsavoury as the Olympic torch.
K&Company Lovely pp
Thank you! Blogging has been an interesting experience, no doubt. The first part of the process is so insular  just me, and my laptop. It still trips me out to realize how many people are tuning in to read my thoughts! I totally love the interaction and feedback that blogging gives, because TV is so removed and manufactured. The projects on my show were completed many months prior to airing, and Ive already moved on by the time I hear from fans. But with my blog, I can let it rip and the response is instant! I also get to be me. No PR considerations, no towing the network line.its just me and my readers, and its totally great. Plus, Im now a member of this rich community of blogs and bloggers (like AphroChic!), and it feels like were all part of this fantastic tribe together. Its really fulfilling.
Those of us with celiac disease must become vigilant, reading every label like a true detective. Kitchens must be scoured for sticky gluten residue lingering on cutting boards and non-stick cookware. Toasters full of crumbs and old wooden spoons can become a source of gluten contamination. Sharing butter with greasy crumbs from your teenagers toasted bagel is suddenly scary (there are two jars of Vegenaise in our refrigerator now- one has Moms GF written in marker across the lid). When my sons still lived with us, and we sported a mixed kitchen, they had their own designated gluten cupboard for their favorite breakfast cereals, snacks and sandwich bread. The rest of the pantry was labeled The Gluten-Free Zone.
9/27 Dallas, TX @ Trees
To make the crumb topping combine 1 to 2 tablespoons flour with 6 teaspoons or more sugar and a couple teaspoons of cinnamon. Add a few grains of salt. Blend in enough butter to make a crumb topping. Use either a fork or a pastry blender to work the butter into the dry ingredients. Distribute the topping as evenly as possible over the top of the cake batter.
Im eternally grateful that Christ did not think like that. If He had, then Id still be dead in my sins, because He would not have chosen to die for my sins.
I started this year with no outside commitments for myself. My only job in life right now is to be a supportive and loving wife to Matt and to raise, love, enjoy, teach, and care for our children. (**My only...as if it were a small task- Ha) Oh yes and let's not forget taking care of the home.
There are girls already permanently encamped in our dorm's basement. They have staked their claim on their particular piece of table and set up a permanent residence, leaving their coffee mugs, books, computers, planners and schedules strewn about like so much detritus of war.
I went along a seldom walked terrace to find a personal cove.
As it turns out, we had posted exactly the reason why in a guest post at (the excellent site) Moms With Apps some months back.
BUCHHOLZ U, HAAS W, KRAMER M. Influenza-Impfung bei medizinischem Personal: berraschende Defizite in deutschen Krankenhusern Influenza vaccination in health-care workers: surprising deficits in German hospitals. Deutsches rzteblatt 2002; 99: A2460-A2461.
Where ... or what ... or who is home?
for only one thing
Darren Paul oddy (UKIP) 619
CALLER: How about the N-word? So, the N-word's been thrown around --
Tartarus's Christmas present.
My MIL loved antiques. I have fond memories of going to the Bloomington Antique Mall with her whenever she and my FIL visited us. I'd not been in a while, but my friend Y suggested a trip there, and I had tons of fun with her.
even when that is nothing.
For example: The EU is one road toward at least partial political union. The European Parliament, which is playing an ever more important role.
Century Fox, TCFHE is the worldwide marketing, sales and distribution company for all Fox film and television programming, acquisitions and original productions on DVD, Blu-ray Disc Digital Copy, Video On Demand and Digital Download. The company also releases all products globally for MGM Home Entertainment. Each year TCFHE introduces hundreds of new and newly enhanced products, which it services to retail outlets from mass merchants and warehouse clubs to specialty stores and e-commerce throughout the world.
It is just as much fun to fish during the night, even when the temperatures are sub zero.
"Wow. All these dates with married men. So ... what happened to your vow to not hook up with guys who have boyfriends?" V asked me.
I found this mug a long time ago. It had a nice, hefty feel to it and it holds a LOT. It also appealed to the grunge in me at the time. This coffee mug made me happy. Then in December of 2009 it broke and I was devastated! Thus my journey into mug-land began.
That's right, Disney World, here comes the Sowell's. Well, in two months! =)
The look on his face tells me that the beer is actually anything BUT good. His face resembles that of a person who had to ingest barium sulfate before a medical test. If that isn't the textbook definition of "choking it down," I don't know what is.
The first challenges (both different) are posted in each forum....Celebration theme, and an awesome sketch! Be sure to check them out! Go snag your freebie and play for a chance to win MORE free stuffs from Some Odd Girl!
Exercise this past week: 4 morning workouts, 19.2 miles run as well as Saturday and a 3 mile walk with a friend
He still owes $40k on his BMW, $60k on taxes, over $20k on his credit cards and thats just for starters.
Motorists should slow down, use caution and stay alert when driving through construction zones. To avoid delays, consider taking an alternative route and avoid peak travel periods. For more information regarding traffic impacts in the North Central Region.
You dont know how much I want to, he groaned. But I cant.
I wrote this blog entry a while ago and then I somehow forgot about it :/ I'm sorry my blog is so boring at the moment. My life is boring since I moved to my home town *cough* leper colony *cough* but I hope it gets better now that University started! YAY education ^^
While I thought this was pretty clear, lots of people didnt. From looking around on Rotten Tomatoes, this accounts for 15% of the reviews, tops. This brings up another question: Why should Snyders intent matter? Whats the point of making a movie to criticize pigs who yell catcalls at women on ComicCon panels if they dont even understand they are being criticized (and may even interpret it the opposite way and like it) and the only people who get it are film nerds who werent a part of the problem? This is a legitimate concern, which I will address in-depth in future articles, but the short answer is that this applies to pretty much everything to some degree. Every couple of years, someone tries to get Huckleberry Finn banned from a school library on the grounds that its racist for using the word nigger repeatedly. Defenders will argue this is meant to depict the realities of racism at the time and its actually about realizing that racism is all a pack of lies spread by repugnant people. (Which is oversimplifying, but no sense spending a bunch more space on a book youre all familiar with.) The fact that a lot of people see this wont make the objectors feel any better. There is no magic percentage of people buying any particular interpretation that can make it correct. To the people who like it, Sucker Punch a good film, and I think that thats enough. I think part of the problem was that the MPAA forced a critical scene to be cut and the directors cut would have gone over somewhat better, but an R-film would have made less money. I still harbor some suspicion that Showgirls is a brilliant social satire that somehow no one has managed to understand as of yet. How can we ever condemn anything in this case? Thats a tricky issue which I will address later.
Let me just pause here a minute. Did I even mention to you that I haven't pulled my sewing machine out in months, and now I was planning to tackle making my first slipcovers? No? Well, yes, I was petrified. The last thing I made were these straight seam orange curtains, and these envelope fold chevron fabric pillows... For some reason, winding the bobbin, sewing rounded seams instead of straight... all these things gave me the heebie jeebies. I don't know why I was so scared. Really. I think I was most concerned about getting the tread all tangled up in the insides of the machine because I did something small and stupid. But, alas, reading directions helps! Even though the poor translation of these Janome instructions made us laugh the first time I used the machine, months back, this time was serious and I had to pay attention to what they said... Outcome? It worked. Just fine. Now I'm not scared. End the pause.
This result of course, does not please the politically appointed Lancashire Deputy Chief Constable and leading Dhimmi, Mike Cunningham. If he wishes to change the law then let him stand for election rather than making such stupid statements as
Now its time to form the cone.
It's going to be a busy winter. I have my holiday concert on November 27th, and all the December harp events that I love, PLUS I'll be writing. Writing and writing and writing. I'm a little shy about sharing details of my story project, but maybe as it all forms and flows, I'll overcome my shyness and take you on part of the journey with me.
Also Known As : Titanic3D: Ghosts of the Abyss
Because, as I discovered early on in life, if a book had a strong female character, I would look up to her and pretend to be her.
The imaginations of more than 200 schoolchildren from more than five Abingdon schools were given a jump start on Wednesday Nov 30 as they listened to multi award-winning childrens author Frank Cottrell Boyce talk about the inspiration behind his books.
What's your jam right now? What's lifting you up in the middle of February?
The name Rose comes from french, Rose perrinial flower shrub or vine of genus rosa in Rosaceae family that contains over 100 species and comes variety of colours.
When you'll vow as man and wife
The purpose of public education is not to provide a future work force it is to create an enlightened society of mature, intelligent, creative, critically thinking individuals who are empathetic and civic minded.
She will receive a gift certificate for $25 from Amazon.com and her poem will be featured on the Rondeau Roundup Blog on February 8.
4. Bad Brains - Hair (4:04)
Check back later this week for a look-see.
Easter candy
So, back on topic. I read the other day, the superintendent in NJ schools, when fired, was given a 741,000$ severance package. On top of 120k a year to retire. And that was someone let go.
I shudder.
Tessa is getting reading help at school...without us even having to fight for an IEP. I've met with the teacher and reading specialist about it. We are more then just a little bit happy to see this happening because we are going down the road to look for diagnoses that could help get her "identified" (if she needs to be) at school, but it's going to take a while to get through it all. Now-if only she responds positively to this help (they say she is thus far). It could change the entire course of her education if she does.
1 teaspoons pure Mexican vanilla extract
Welcome to UniBook, where every book is unique. You may have previously known us as WWAOW but due to innovation and expansion we have been given a new name. UniBook is the place for writers, publishers and businesses to publish and sell books. With the UniBook services anyone can self publish a manuscript and have it listed in our online bookstore. UniBook will print, bind, and pack your book on-demand and ship it anywhere in the world. No need to carry stock and no set-up fees or fixed costs. Discover the world of self publishing and create your own unique book with UniBook.
My classmate replied, Una vez.
Amy: We're gonna put cameras in your station...
He rested his arm against the vehicles vibrating door, and his head against his palm. The aging Humvees engine rumbled violently; Its heavy growl could be heard all across the barren desert valley, like the mighty roar of an ancient beast, ready to die at any moment. The vehicle was a complete abomination, ancient and weary, mostly held together by the scrapped parts of other abandoned vehicles theyd come across in the wastes. Its rusting pickup doors were barely held together by worn ropes and rusting steel chains; with several now sun-dyed blankets tied across the roof and side windows to provide at least some protection from the deserts unforgiving sun, but not quite enough to keep the heat from turning their only home into an unbearable oven.
(2)Remove from heat and add the flour in a steady stream.
You didn't think I would leave you this weekend without coming
We are beside ourselves with glee. Shock!!! Amazement!!
My half marathon is going to be here before I know it, and I've been a bad trainee. I did something to my shoulder last weekend and it's ached all week, but starting to feel better. So hopefully I can get back to running this upcoming weekend because I'm not going to have a very good time come October 30th if I don't!
and Billy Palsy (rogue, jailbreaking)
Airport transfers
Hey, some people wonder why you bother with Nissan when youve got Honda and Toyota.
and multiple years of making excuses.
What would Christmas be without The Snowman?
lunged. I keep the porch light on
After thinking about it some more, I came to my senses and realized that we do have things we could register for. Sure, we have what we need but it would be really nice to have upgrades. Most of what we own are mismatched old bath towels, cheap-o plastic kitchen utensils, a $8 toaster, etc. (Seriously, I cannot believe this toaster has lasted 9 years.) It was what we could afford at the time and served its purpose well but maybe its finally time to let go of living like a college student and have a house that says I am a proper adult with nice things.
In fact, Lukes favorite toy resides at his grandparents home. When we arrive, he announces car (although that could be coincidental since he says that every time we arrive anywhere) and runs to the front porch. He walks in himself and beelines for the family room. As far as hes concerned, their family room always contains a large centerpiece on the coffee table with the Fisher Price Main Street set.
Richard Heathcote, who lives opposite the site, said the invaders have begun clearing right over Umgeni Waters pipeline. The police are doing nothing.
It is chargrilling the broccoli and then drenching it in a garlic & chilli infused olive oil that makes this dish so special. You can serve it on its own, as a side dish with anything, or make it the star on top of some sweet soy rice noodles. Either way its delicious. You need to try this.
This one is hosted by {Indie}pendent Books. "I want to see pictures!!! And of course since I focus on indie books, I want to see them represented! What is an indie book? A book that has been published by a non-big-six publishing house. These big-six houses include Macmillan, Random House, Simon and Schuster, Penguin Group, Harper Collins, Hachette Book Group. Any other houses are eligible!"
Wrapping up this wonderful day... too tired to even think, so instead I offer this wonderful throwback all the way back to the long forgotten year of 2010 with Koan Sound & Asa's brilliant atmospheric piece "Hesitation", released on Screwloose and available on vinyl here.
My group had bought hot dogs before the show, but they werent ready and the girl at concessions told us she would bring them in to us when they were done. But after about 15 minutes I figured I should go check on them and ended up missing about 3-5 minutes of the beginning of the movie right there. By the time I got back to my seat and got comfortable we were already 15-20 minutes into the movie. We had gotten to the theatre plenty early, but with the lack of previews and the hot dog fiasco I felt like I had come into the movie late, and there is a good reason I dont like showing up to movies late. You feel like youre trying to catch up rather than enjoying what it going on. Heck, I went and saw The Hunger Games a second time because the first time we showed up late and the movie had already started, only to find out that all I had missed was a black screen with white lettering briefly explaining the future in which the movie takes place.
Follow me please
November always seems to be the month where the fun little extras fall through the cracks and trying to get everything together for the holidays just seems to take over. So instead of spending much time on the details of how much shopping and house-cleaning happened (a lot), I'm going to go back and catch a couple of the little things that happened in September and October, but which ended up getting neglected in November.
Storage & Freezing Instructions/Tips: Store as you would any bread  in a bread box, a paper bag, or loose plastic wrap. Both varieties suggested are best in the first couple of days. The loaves or rolls can also be frozen in plastic  simply toast to reheat.
with me, K? Here we have our cap and socket as
As I and a lot of economists, some of them Nobel laureates, have been pointing out, Americas biggest problem NOW is not the deficit. It is lack of consumer demand, which is caused by joblessness. Deep, extended joblessness. In such an environment, cutting deficits, particularly by cutting spending, is only going to make matters worse.
So What I really wanted-I am just going to post this now I will telll the story in a minute- LOLZ
CassaStar was just the beginning
Making those changes are important to Sheila, but can someone who is in this situation gain the respect of her coworkerssome of whom have been with the organization as long as she has and have become her close friends in the process? How can she do that without resorting to the old style of leadership her predecessors exercised? Can she balance the two, being an effective and impartial professional supervisor while maintaining friendship with her staff?
But for those who like contests, don't worry; we haven't abandoned them entirely. We still plan to hold one next year, one you all just might be interested in, so check out our next two issues to learn what we've got in mind. Our Spring/Summer issue is almost filled and will be launching in June, and as always, we're accepting art, poetry and flash fiction submissions on a rolling basis year-round.
but an endless poem
Last year I was overall really happy with how my hair turned out because it was the first year that I set my hair the entire weekend. We arrived on wednesday so I was able to set my hair properly and wore that same set until friday night. Yes, I was that crazy girl that washed and set her hair at 6 am friday night/saturday morning. All I wanted to do was pass out, but it saved a lot headaches for the rest of the trip. Basically though, I wore the same 2 sets the whole weekend:
Are you a fan of the Reno S.D.? Any favorite episodes I missed? Leave a comment!
Anything to keep from seeing a poem in terms of the poet.
I needed to do this.
I remember my sister and I making little clay cups and plates and feeding farm animals and running barefeet all summer long...
340 g plain flour
Toward the end of January, I was asked if I would undertake a wedding invitation order for a bride that couldn't find what she was looking for in an invitation. My first question was "How many?" I was so happy to hear it was only for 60 invitations.
While I was up in Vancouver, BC a few weeks ago, I got Brent's grandma some tea. For her mother's day card this year, I chose to use Tea Set Rin. I just love this Konnichiwa paper pack! And yeah, lol, another pink and green card. :)
The biggest challenge in moving to novel length writing is stamina, Cally thinks. 'The short stories I write tend to be about 2,000 words and I can finish one in one sitting. Writing a novel is a much longer process and I initially found it strange to spend so much time with the same set of characters. Writing a novel takes an enormous amount of determination, motivation and energy. Almost every writer I know gets to a point in a novel when they have a fantastic idea for a new novel and are tempted to ditch the one theyre working on and start again. Thats particularly tempting when youre used to writing short stories, but you must push on and reach the end. Its normal to fall out of love with a novel while youre writing it but youll inevitably fall back in love with it again.'
Crispness and a dryness are the hallmarks of the saison style, making it closer to a chardonnay than bock. It has a tartness characteristic of Belgian beers, but in a minor key; it's balanced by a mineral dry (partly, perhaps, from hard water) accentuated by Kent Goldings hops--lots of 'em. (The Belgians make classic regional beers, but they are far from parochial: borrowing a classic English hop to produce this classic Belgian ale is in keeping with Belgian virtuosity, and, I like to think, a tip of the hat to the kinds of beers like IPAs that may have helped inspire Dupont.) This is one of the hoppiest Beligian styles, and to my mind why it is tailor made for the Northwest palate. Finally, sometime after the initial, alcoholic first note and subsequent notes of tart and dry, but before the long, hoppy finish, the malts have their moment, offering a surprising amount of sweet fruit.
Anyone who has read Diana's works before - know that they're in for a treat. To those of you who haven't had the pleasure - this is a wonderful book to start with. So simple yet full of charm, innocence and fun. I don't think I'll ever get tired of Diana's ability to weave a story in your heart and have you feeling so full of joy and amazement throughout.
Another important feature of the INN system is that the names of pharmacologically-related substances demonstrate their relationship by using a common "stem". By the use of common stems the medical practitioner, the pharmacist, or anyone dealing with pharmaceutical products can recognize that the substance belongs to a group of substances having similar pharmacological activity.
2. I had a thyroid condition that I could blame for being overweight. You hear it all the time as an excuse to not lose weight, and its not a good one. If you cant lose weight because of your thyroid then your levels might be off still.
But the fact of the matter is that Maxi not being challenged meant he was board and that mean he didn't want to go to school, which in turn meant he and I wasn't happy. So I felt I had to take this in hand and deal with it and it that means Maxi being labeled as gifted and talented then so be it. I am concerned for the here and now, we can deal with next years education when it comes around. I need him to want to go to school now and moving him up a year is not the solution in my eyes. He is 5 years old, he has the social skills of a five year old and he needs to learn to deal with his talents and also with his peers to become part of their group.
Today is the day that I stop allowing the rabbit trails to distract me.
She was fiercely independent, hence her extensive travels. For her, work and family were not on her priority list, thus she still did not have a permanent job or a steady partner, nor did she have any thoughts of having them, despite being in her thirties. She followed her heart and her heart told her to be free- free from societal conventions, free from everything.
SO, let me know if you are joining in on this summer adventure! Right now I have 19 friends on FB joining in. I think this is going to give our summer some purpose and be tons of fun!
Always nice to see how much our debt is O_O WHAT ???!?!? I'm voting for Vermin Supreme, he promises every American a pony and surely he can do as good as anyone else with the economy...At least I'll get a pony this time around. Ha !..Actually its not the debt, if you want to see what the numbers mean, check out one of the greatest Taxi blogs in the world for the answer...New York City's own Eugene at Cabs Are For Kissing ...you'll love this blog...He is a brilliant writer and photographer, if you've never been to his sight , don't miss out now.
I'll check it out when its out and if its good I play and buy, if it isn't I won't.
Hlne and Peter will be donating all tips to the WCC. Le Chateau will donate one-third of all drink proceeds. And we'll also hold a raffle with wonderful WCC items and more!
Ill try to update more often.
I wondered how they would manage, with so much information and little time to write. There are mostly women in the group, which may account for many choosing to write in the voice of an embroiderer. Needles flashed in and out of their lines as they read back. I'm always amazed how well they write under pressure, after being reassured that they are only expected to produce 'material in progress' and not poems yet. Hearing them read their responses, as we were bathed in the glow of the tapestries, made me feel as if the world was constantly
Sammy had told me Id be speaking soon. Right around midnight he introduced me. I was amazed that a couple hundred people were willing to stay up so late on a Friday night. Ive been asking the Lord to speak to me more through the Gift of words of knowledge  one of the nine gifts that Im convinced we dont see enough practical execution of in the body today. He was kind and through-out the day I would have random thoughts/words/feelings come to me that I would make a quick note of. They ranged from tightness/arthritis of the knees to young boy diagnosed with ADHD suffering from learning disorders and many in-between. I prayed for a while, shared a bit from Hebrews 12 and read the words I felt God had given me. There is no way to express the gifts of the Spirit without taking a risk. The risk is that I might be wrong. I may not have heard from God at all. Maybe I just made it all up? Despite the downfall, its worth the risk to see someones face brighten with the reality that God KNOWS their personal circumstance and wants to intervene. I had those stand who believed the words were directly aimed at them and/or were loosely relate-able. Ive seen this happen on several occasions now. About 30+ rose to their feet. I asked everyone to gather around them, lay hands, and we spent a little time praying. Everyone who either wasnt healed/restored/moved by God (or whom I hadnt given a specific word to) was invited to receive more prayer in a very cold, but accommodating, side-room at the back of the church. We had a wonderful time and were able to pray with many who received instant healing or a relieving of emotional/spiritual weights. A grandmother brought us her grandson who was 9 or 10  diagnosed with ADHD and suffered from learning disorders! I mean, at a normal church meeting of 200, the odds might be higher. But at a prayer meeting at midnight??? Ha, Thank you Father for the way You still naturally supernaturally speak to us.
Balance flats drew the most interest with the subscription rate at 3.8 due to the fact that most units are ready-built and located in mature estates.
What, then, of the theory about the people's war? Numerous submissions to the TRC had detailed the role in violence of the 'armed struggle', especially after it had evolved (in the 1980s) into what the ANC termed a 'people's war'. The people's war explicitly targeted not only policemen and soldiers, but also local councillors, 'collaborators', 'informers', and all 'puppets and agents of the regime'. The aim of the people's war was to render South Africa 'ungovernable' and ultimately overthrow all authority. But because it relied on the masses to mount an insurrection-rather than on trained guerrillas to fight the police and army-the violence it generated spiralled out of control. And because it targeted so many in the black community, it also provoked a violent backlash from some at least. Once the retaliation began, moreover, it developed its own momentum and, among other consequences, evolved into a civil war between the ANC and the IFP that spread in time from Natal and KwaZulu to the Reef.
6. The lack of time constraints in text helps to prevent the use of rhetorical tricks, as one can step back and look at the argument again, or even go to someone else for a second perspective if they feel that the argument is off (that is, it seems to make sense but has the echoes of an argument that in fact does not at all, or it seems to make sense but does not seem to make any valuable or relevant point, if any at all).
Proponents are divided on whether or not pregnant women should practice urine therapy. Some believe that it is beneficial for both the mother and the growing fetus. Others advise against it. Because of the fertility properties of urine, birth control pills may be less effective.
It is here in North Idaho, a perfect place for our family. I love it here! Our new home isn't very far from the one we're renting now. It is a humble, neglected fixer-upper sitting on 10 dreamy acres of pasture, some flat, some gracefully sloping. There is a small pond, fencing, and outbuildings. Every bit of it exploding with potential.
They way I touched you with gentle but errant desire.
2 transferred
Here are mine (before being topped):
The Pretoria Magistrate's Court acquitted him on a count of fraud.
Theres always lots going on in So Cal when it comes to Saints, Gurus and teachers spreading their light, love and teachings from India. We are blessed here in Los Angeles and surrounding cities. This week, I had the opportunity to be in the presence of Pujiya Swamiji Chidanand Saraswatiji, H.H. Sri Shankaracharya Swami Divyanand Teerthji and Amritananda Mayi Ma (Amma  the Hugging Saint). Try saying those names fast : )
The schedule is totally booked the next day (my day off) but knowing the cat must be seen, Im pushing for first thing in the morning. And the gal, is saying all these plans she has and wants to schedule the appointment in 2 days. Im having to insist the problem is life threatening and go through the spiel again. Finally, I ask if she has any friends that could bring the cat in first thing tomorrow morning. She lights up and decides to have a friend bring the kitty in.
Spencer has had a busy month. He has been growing bigger and trying lots of new things. He is all smiles and giggles as long as he is well rested and has a full tummy. He has also started eating solid foods this month. It took a couple of weeks for Spencer to get the hang of eating, but now he is loving his rice cereal and bananas for breakfast and sweet potatoes for dinner. That is all he has tried so far.
Am I a heartless, cruel person? This is a question I've asked myself many times.
Once out of the oven, transfer to a platter and apply dill sauce immediately so it will get warm. Apply remaining fresh dill atop the sauce to garnish.
SO. Worth it.
John knew how to conduct an interview, and I always looked forward to reading them in the Chronicle. Apparently I wasnt the only one; Johns tenure at the Chronicle lasted 33 years!
Here is my office! I am so, so, so excited about having an office of my own!! I never thought I would be a working mom so I never thought we needed an office! It just happened and I have to say that it was one of the best decisions that I ever made!!! Before this, I had a laptop and several traveling office bins for my paperwork and supplies. One of the good things about my business is that I dont carry any inventory or need that much space so that worked fine for me. I still dont really need this much space but I will take it, lol!! I also cant wait to fill the walls with cute photos for inspiration!
Dies: Magnolia Doohickey swirl and flower
The NCR Team
The only other thing on my mind was how Fulham were doing against Stoke city today...........Found out as i got home that they had won 2-0 so that was a good thing.
Most investors, however, have presumed that their own abundance and prosperity would be safe to such an extent that they did not look at the cards before placing their bets (bids) on aggressive speculation in real estate. But that is just the start of what I mean by oblivious.
I think it was like $10 a person when you did the conversion.
The relevant  188 of the criminal code protrudes into the 21st century from pre-modern times like the laws of the Habsburgs or the ban on denigrating the parliament. Such a norm of conduct is not in tune with the times. In a secular state, consideration of the possible religious feelings of ones fellow human beings is a question of respect and honor which requires no regulation by the state.
Step 2. This is my precious, secret weapon - an adorable little non-stick square pan that is barely bigger than my hands. Heat it on low heat and pour your batter in after it has had time to proof for about 30 minutes. Heat until the bottom is smooth and cooked, then flip and cook until done. If you're worried about overheating then you can finish it in the oven. If you don't have one of these you can make a makeshift one for the oven out of tinfoil.
Im glad. She makes a face. The one shes made since she was a child.
Now on to the tutorial!
What were the writers thinking when they wrote that shit? 5 year olds watch that show..
For Today formed in 2005 and has since released one EP and three full-length albums. The hardcore-influenced metal band is known for their non-stop touring, high energy live performance, and unrelenting message. Having played over 1000 shows in five continents, For Today has toured with Emmure, We Came As Romans, Winds of Plague, The Devil Wears Prada. The band headlined the Scream The Prayer Tour 2010 with Maylene and The Sons of Disaster and also was on the Motel 6 Rock Yourself to Sleep Tour with We Came As Romans this past year. To date, For Today has sold over 65,000 albums in North America. As forthcoming about their faith as they are about their musical prowess, For Today have become widely known as one of modern metals most technically proficient bands. For Today is Mattie Montgomery (lead vocals), Ryan Leitru (lead guitar, vocals), Brandon Leitru (bass), Michael Reynolds (rhythm guitar), and David Morrison (drums, percussion).
During my fathers first trip to Florida in about five years, he and my mother took me to Super Target. The spending spree to fill Brians stomach had begun.
that he was in communication via phone and SMS with
HEAT oven to 350F. Top tortillas with salsa and chicken. Fold in opposite sides of tortillas, then roll up burrito-style.
Tober Moses Mans
I try again to get some kind of response. Sympathy, rage, anything.
Tips For Getting Games on Your Graphing Calculator
Umbeboshi, pickled plums, from a super friend I really miss. Several boxes of my favorite cookies, thin wafer cookies wrapped around a soy rice cracker, from Yuko's Mother. I love and miss my Japanese Family and friends.
1 aside
Why save when they live for today
2. approx. 5-10% RTs - retweet helpful writerly information tweeted by group above in #1.
Click this link.
Today is second round. Tonight we will know who's the new French President.
Freckles: *League* Jen Freckles -Medium (Tattoo Layer)
The jacket helped to brighten up this otherwise somber outfit. The colors blended perfectly with the deep purple pants, and helped to bridge the pale pink cardigan with the darker pieces. I hated having to take it off once I got into my office.
"MAAMAAAAAAAA THERE'S NO MORE CLEAN SPOONS!! WAAH!"
So I want to hear from YOU GUYS!
The stone is given so you can save the saint (?). Anyway, when you have the stone, you will see the bar at the top right and youll need to hunt in specific areas to fill it up.
There is not a lot to the book. We learn about the events leading up to the childs hospitalisation, the wait to see if she would recover, the realisation that she would not, her death and their initial reactions afterwards. One Amazon reviewer had this to say:
for almost 7 years. She has 9 friends, who are numbered No.1~No.9. They have been living together for a long time. They all look similar to each other; long dark hair, fair skin, and petite figures. Though they look so much alike, No.0 makes clothes for them according to their unique personalities. Every day, she enjoys dressing the girls in the morning and undressing them at night. However, strange things start to happen when she decides to become 24 on her next birthday. One by one, her friends go missing until only No.0 herself is left. When she turns 24, she discovers the hopeless truth that her best friends didnt exist after all and all of them were her split personalities which became her imaginary friends in her refusal to grow up.
Im glad that the key element of my decision-making design, not pictured on the chart above, is actually a Person upon whom I can rely for help with getting in focus.
Brendon McCullum
Dont even get me started on my whole respect for the dead spiel, because it wouldnt end. I cannot stand peoples need to defame and slander another persons name when they deserve forgiveness for their past mistakes. Death is a punishment in some countries. Its often considered the most severe, and certainly the most final of all sentences. Should the dead not be given a moments peace removed from their minor misdeeds and drama?
When I got home that night as my wife served dinner, I held her hand and said, Ive got something to tell you. She sat down and ate quietly. Again I observed the hurt in her eyes. Suddenly I didnt know how to open my mouth. But I had to let her know what I was thinking. I want a divorce. I raised the topic calmly. She didnt seem to be annoyed by my words, instead she asked me softly, why? I avoided her question. This made her angry. She threw away the chopsticks and shouted at me, you are not a man! That night, we didnt talk to each other. She was weeping. I knew she wanted to find out what had happened to our marriage. But I could hardly give her a satisfactory answer; she had lost my heart to Jane. I didnt love her anymore. I just pitied her! With a deep sense of guilt, I drafted a divorce agreement which stated that she could own our house, our car, and 30% stake of my company. She glanced at it and then tore it into pieces. The woman who had spent ten years of her life with me had become a stranger. I felt sorry for her wasted time, resources and energy but I could not take back what I had said for I loved Jane so dearly. Finally she cried loudly in front of me, which was what I had expected to see. To me her cry was actually a kind of release. The idea of divorce which had obsessed me for several weeks seemed to be firmer and clearer now. The next day, I came back home very late and found her writing something at the table. I didnt have supper but went straight to sleep and fell asleep very fast because I was tired after an eventful day with Jane. When I woke up, she was still there at the table writing. I just did not care so I turned over and was asleep again. In the morning she presented her divorce conditions: she didnt want anything from me, but needed a months notice before the divorce. She requested that in that one month we both struggle to live as normal a life as possible. Her reasons were simple: our son had his exams in a months time and she didnt want to disrupt him with our broken marriage.This was agreeable to me. But she had something more, she asked me to recall how I had carried her into out bridal room on our wedding day. She requested that every day for the months duration I carry her out of our bedroom to the front door ever morning. I thought she was going crazy. Just to make our last days together bearable I accepted her odd request. I told Jane about my wifes divorce conditions. . She laughed loudly and thought it was absurd. No matter what tricks she applies, she has to face the divorce, she said scornfully. My wife and I hadnt had any body contact since my divorce intention was explicitly expressed. So when I carried her out on the first day, we both appeared clumsy. Our son clapped behind us, daddy is holding mommy in his arms. His words brought me a sense of pain. From the bedroom to the sitting room, then to the door, I walked over ten meters with her in my arms. She closed her eyes and said softly; dont tell our son about the divorce. I nodded, feeling somewhat upset. I put her down outside the door. She went to wait for the bus to work. I drove alone to the office. On the second day, both of us acted much more easily. She leaned on my chest. I could smell the fragrance of her blouse. I realized that I hadnt looked at this woman carefully for a long time. I realized she was not young any more. There were fine wrinkles on her face, her hair was graying! Our marriage had taken its toll on her. For a minute I wondered what I had done to her. On the fourth day, when I lifted her up, I felt a sense of intimacy returning. This was the woman who had given ten years of her life to me. On the fifth and sixth day, I realized that our sense of intimacy was growing again. I didnt tell Jane about this. It became easier to carry her as the month slipped by. Perhaps the everyday workout made me stronger. She was choosing what to wear one morning. She tried on quite a few dresses but could not find a suitable one. Then she sighed, all my dresses have grown bigger. i suddenly realized that she had grown so thin, that was the reason why I could carry her more easily. Suddenly it hit me she had buried so much pain and bitterness in her heart. Subconsciously I reached out and touched her head. Our son came in at the moment and said, Dad, it s time to carry mom out. To him, seeing his father carrying his mother out had become an essential part of his life. My wife gestured to our son to come closer and hugged him tightly. I turned my face away because I was afraid I might change my mind at this last minute. I then held her in my arms, walking from the bedroom, through the sitting room, to the hallway. Her hand surrounded my neck softly and naturally. I held her body tightly; it was just like our wedding day. But her much lighter weight made me sad. On the last day, when I held her in my arms I could hardly move a step. Our son had gone to school. I held her tightly and said, I hadnt noticed that our life lacked intimacy. I drove to office. jumped out of the car swiftly without locking the door. I was afraid any delay would make me change my mindI walked upstairs. Jane opened the door and I said to her, Sorry, Jane, I do not want the divorce anymore. She looked at me, astonished, and then touched my forehead. Do you have a fever? She said. I moved her hand off my head. Sorry, Jane, I said, I wont divorce. My marriage life was boring probably because she and I didnt value the details of our lives, not because we didnt love each other anymore. Now I realize that since I carried her into my home on our wedding day I am supposed to hold her until death do us apart. Jane seemed to suddenly wake up. She gave me a loud slap and then slammed the door and burst into tears. I walked downstairs and drove away. At the floral shop on the way, I ordered a bouquet of flowers for my wife. The salesgirl asked me what to write on the card. I smiled and wrote, Ill carry you out every morning until death do us apart. That evening I arrived home, flowers in my hands, a smile on my face, I ran up stairs, only to find my wife in the bed -dead. My wife had been fighting CANCER for months and I was too busy with Jane to even notice. She knew that she would die soon and she wanted to save me from whatever negative reaction it would have on our son, in case we pushed through with the divorce. At least, in the eyes of our son- Im a loving husband. THE SMALL DETAILS OF YOUR LIVES ARE WHAT REALLY MATTER IN A RELATIONSHIP. ITS NOT the Mansion or House, the Car, Property, the Money in the bank. These create an environment conducive for happiness but cannot give happiness in themselves. So find time to be your spouses friend and do those little things for each other that build intimacy. Do have a real happy marriage! Most of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up YOU DON'T REALIZE WHAT YOU HAVE UNTIL ITS GONE!!
baby your angerness when my tears wud roll,
and all that I had done.
She forced herself to a single chuckle, trying to match his demeanour. "Not quite that bad. Seven last year. Eight the year before. It was worse in Temmer's day."
february 17.
33. Thoughtless (02:23)
I look back at the early years weve met and I must say, I never thought that we would go such a long way together. those days weve spent apart when he pursued his studies in Australia were truly years of immense missing (torture) of the other party, and sometimes included bouts of insanity.
A mountain is composed of tiny grains of earth. The ocean is made up of tiny drops of water. Even so, life is but an endless series of little details, actions, speeches, and thoughts. And the consequences whether good or bad of even the least of them are far-reaching. Sivananda
"Forestfloor 2" see Rehburg's industrial machinery take on a more rhythmic nature (almost sounding like mechanical frogs or boars). Sonically similar to the first track (and the two after this one), it distinguishes itself by having a feeling of malice and menace to it (as opposed to the foreboding nature of the first track). The mid-range guitars are also pushed much further back in the mix, as opposed to being very noticeable in the first track. Less variation on the electronics, though. Thankfully, creepy organic noises are introduced ten minutes in (along with more guitar feedback), saving the song from musical stagnation (although it could be argued that by then it's too little, too late). A break at 11:00 minutes is a nice transition from the previous homogenous cacaphony. Eventually, all that remains is broken riffing and a half-hearted buzzing, as if the song itself is dying from the inside.
However, there is a psychological theory called Terror Management Theory (TMT) that shows that when people are made aware of their own mortality, they become more punitive and aggressive towards others who could potentially threaten their world view and self-esteem. For example, judges are more likely to hand down harsher sentences if they have been reminded of their impending deaths.
She was furiously texting on her cell phone, totally engrossed in the textversation (is that a word yet?), making no eye contact with him but still somehow managed to keep talking the whole time. She held her cell phone above the table while she texted. Remember thatits important. He, on the other hand seemed fairly unenthused (I dont want to say he looked boredbut he did) until he too received a text, which livened him right up! He immediately grabbed his cell phone and lowered it about six inches below the tableout of sitewhere only he could see itand became equally engrossed in his textversation.
She pulled my dick out and held it in the palm of her hand for a second or two. She breathed in and out in quick succession then smelt my dick.
facebook.com/christopher.husary
Excerpt: Greek voters enraged by economic hardship mauled traditional ruling parties in an election on Sunday, putting the country's future in the euro zone at risk and threatening to revive the region's debt crisis. The latest official results, with over 50percent of the vote counted, confirmed projections showing the only two major parties supporting an EU/IMF bailout that keeps Greece from bankruptcy would struggle to form a workable coalition.
Lordy, I'm not the world's best mother at times.
Environmental hazards like mercury pollution, high energy costs, low lumen output and inconsistent, uneven coverage are just a few of the associations with most lighting installations found in commercial settings today (more)
GPars ships with Groovy 1.8.6 and above. If you happen to use a different Groovy version, manually add the jar to your Grails lib directory.
A simple card, but with huge impact. That out of his dark place and in his own particular way, he could still summon up enough strength to tell his mother that he cared for her. And part of me thinks he did it for a joke. To this day, the card makes me laugh (and yes, I admit, shed the occasional tear).
3.Beans-soy beans,sprouted beans,chick peas
SNPKs stock price, meanwhile, has jumped from its opening day closing price of 43 cents US to Wednesdays close of $1.54 US. With 420.5 million shares outstanding (fully diluted), Sunpeaks Ventures total stock market value is now more than $600 million US.
I really wanted to tried this again, but with a different vase shape, and I got an idea for a Valentine's vase, so stay tuned!
I do guys too but prefer the women(less hair u know).
The sentiments expressed are almost all remarkably similar. And they paint a picture of withdrawal from society, and retreat into a private world. People have fallen back on their families, and a narrow circle of friends.
Simon Ingram / pageworks
I then ran down the disused rail track. It may have been a fact that no train was about to arrive but my pumping arms and legs behaved as if there was a train due any moment. My conscious brain gave out to my instinct and fear kicked in. I ran, and ran, faster and faster, till my eyes shouted something at me.
-face & skin: blush, coral, soft peach, oatmeal, pastel pink, satin
In Darwins day the cell was viewed merely as a blob of jelly but now we know that molecular structures contain many complex parts which must be present at the same time to function properly (i.e. they cannot evolve step-by-step). The interesting thing is that the molecular machines in the cell are more complex than even an iPad or an aeroplane and filled with intricate parts which all need to cooperate with one another to function properly. The implication is that such irreducibly complex structures cannot be built by natural selection because by definition, natural selection requires each component to be immediately useful to the organism as the molecular machine is being built (or else it is eradicated).
If you can't tell, the tighter curls will look more like this:
That Boracay Island was classified as a public forest under PD No. 705 did not bar the Executive from later converting it into agricultural land. Boracay Island still remained an unclassified land of the public domain despite PD No. 705.
It doesnt take a genius to realize that with so many foreigners flocking to study, work and live in Singapore, one needs to increase the number of public amenities and upgrade the infrastructure to accommodate them such as public housing.
However, efforts to raise awareness, tolerance, and respect sometimes leads to more separation. After all, in order to talk about race, ethnicity, and culture, we must first sort everyone into specific categories  categories that some people never knew they were a part of. We have to draw lines  lines that may have never been noticed before. In a kind of Michael Scott moment, someone at work (trying to lead a discussion about stereotypes) asked a student, So what are some of the things, for example, that might be true of all German students? The student couldnt answer the question because she had never stereotyped a German before. But she learned how to do it in that educational session!
AD : Fine
(Picture is from Wikipedia)
Nowadays, thats all people are regged for.
And the rain keeps on falling..
AUBREY:
Except Ive found myself doing this when Im not really paying attention anyway and then after Ive agreed with them some of the keywords theyve said have floated into my head and I realise that I definitely dont agree so next thing I know I am like this crazy lady, flapping my hands about, and having to then disagree with what was said. At this point its obvious that I nod, smiled and agreed. This is worse when its someone who knows me really well because they know how easily I zone in and out when people are talking to (at?) me so then all I hear about is how I dont listen to anything or how they shouldve known because my eyes glazed over (if my eyes glazed over then why the fuck did you keep talking brainiac?!).
We may write his name on our heart, but he has engraven us on the palm of his hands and promises to never forget us.
Sunday after Sunday, someone would park right across the entrance, blocking me, my neighbours and any potential visitors completely in or out.
maybe because, as dan said, i always dreamed of having a red, curly haired little boy.
Americans are waking-up! In cities all across America, ordinary people are standing-up and demanding simple justice, equality and human dignity. Together we are reclaiming our country.
Controlling the deep strains of xenophobia in Russian society while extracting political capital from nationalist sentiment has been a delicate balancing act for the Kremlin.
and I placed my design on top. I covered it with a poly curtain and wetted it down. Now, here's the thing. I can spend up to or over an hour depending on the size of the piece wetting and gently rubbing the design in place to start penetrating the fibers into the silk. This part is verrry important to me because if I don't pay attention and give the pattern enought time and rubbing, it will not adhere and falls off in the fulling process or worse the edges don't felt onto the silk and the piece looks sloppy.
We just had time for a quick pint before getting the ferry back (we were sorely tempted to miss it) when Dave the captain invited us up on the bridge as the ferry left St Marys, so I could take more photos for my article.
He says I havent got a knife.
Indeed, had it not been for the wisdom of a jury, who acquitted Griffin against the judge's advice, he would have gone to prison for the New World Order offence of telling the truth.
My Office
Here I used the February stamp from Knitting Daisy. The basket is filled with knittingcotton.
I watch liquorice strings and refreshers, milk bottles and penny chews,
Since having written the following I've gained much more insight and information, particularly as to the causes of what is described in the message below, but the the causes do not change the expected outcome. It was written almost a year ago, but the message to whites remains the same, STAY OUT OF IT!
But I digress. If we werent so dependent on the status quo, many of us could find fulfillment and be satisfied with our lives. I dont want to look back when I am 70 and feel like I did not live so much of my life. I dont want to feel like I spent the vast majority of it doing things I despised or resented and that my life was never my own. No regrets man! LIVE life. In the words of Edna Mode, I never look back darling, it distracts from the now.
Feed the elastic through the opening using effervescent toddler to hold the other end and thus avoiding that end of elastic inside the casing saga which at this stage would have most definitely resulted in tears.
It would seem Freddy and I broke the ice of this fight and it was starting to melt away. This made me happy. It was bad enough trying to let go of Cutie for the millionth time, I couldnt afford to lose someone else so close to me.
- Electronic funds transfer
NOVELING
The awesome thing was two of the book fairs were tied to a Reach for the Stars!! reading incentive program that rewards kids for reading. We have received so many "thank yous" and success stories from students, parents and teachers at the those schools. It is an amazing feeling being able to help kids discover the joy of reading and become better readers.
Extremists chanting anti-Western slogans ordered people to attend the rallies, witnesses said.
3) You start sifting.
3. Histoire, 2003
One off the great traditions of this green and pleasant land is Sunday lunch. Fine roast meats with roast potatoes and a range of healthy vegetables, covered in lashings of delicious gravy. However food of this magnificence requires cooking and this is where we discover the purpose of in-laws and parents. Going round the mother in laws for Sunday lunch not only affords one a delicious free meal but also brings meaning and purpose into the old girls life. She may have my character down to a pat, marking me out as a chancer not good enough for her daughter, but at least she cooks a mean roast.
Using your hands start to knead it in the bowl until it comes together in a large sticky ball. place it on your bench and gently knead adding a little extra flour at a time until it is becoming more elastic and not so sticky.
You know, we're lucky, I'm lucky to be surrounded by such talent, such genius, people who are willing to work with me and who are so eager to do so much... such greatness.
-Please remember to use common spaces with consideration for your peers!
There are two things that are of great concern to me regarding this event. One is that our top two athletes are aging. Nick Symmonds will be twenty eight by the Olympics; Khadevis Robinson (1:44.03 this year) will be thirty five. This in an event that has seen a major youth movement in the last few seasons with this years top four athletes in the 21/22 year old age range and the years #5 athlete only 17 years old!
Griffin's writing style did a wonderful job of resonating that spooky, foreboding ambiance throughout the story, particularly in the descriptions of the damage done throughout the manor. My only qualms with the writing were the occasional phrases uttered that felt unrealistic for a seventeen-year-old, such as 'gave me a fright',and how Mrs. Hubbard's dialogue was written the same way she talks, with a lisp. These things were far from being a major issue but they did take getting accustomed to.
I get dizzy just thinking about all the levels of cinema legacy involved in this photograph I took on Saturday. Let me try to explain. Chiara Mastroianni is the daughter of legendary actors Catherine Deneuve and Marcello Mastroianni. She stars in Mathieu Demy's new film Americano. Mathieu Demy is the actor/director son of French New Wave directors Jacques Demy (Umbrellas of Cherbourg) and Agnes Varda (Cleo From 5 to 7). He stars in and directed the film Americano. The film also stars Geraldine Chaplin, daughter of Charlie Chaplin - got it all straight?
She considered it
Like a detective I notice your five shoe size,
Hey Mac folks: this handy chart (and you can also view it in table mode.. just click the tab on the far right of the page) helps you understand if OS X Lion will work with your current desktop apps including the beasts from Adobe.
Haha! Thought you would like it. I did it for you, mainly. ; )
12 Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem! Praise your God, O Zion!
As for the short-termists who have just come along for a scrap - they dont care about fighting militant Islam and the implantation of sharia law. They just want a fight. Do these people honestly think that some tiny and local scraps with UAF/SWP and even the police are going to destroy the might and propaganda of millions of Islamists and their far-left enablers?
After I finished Flourishes Design Team's Release Week's blog hop, I was faced with the undeniable - Christmas is only 3 months away and I haven't even started my cards! So I used this challenge to make a Christmas card, hoping that I would be motivated to get started on them...soon :)
I actually mostly agree to his points. I have to say, though, it looks like he is mostly talking about duel type PvP, or arenas. These forms do not really have any similarities to the world PvP and warzones we have in Star Wars: The Old Republic.
... see, I took a new job at the first of the year, and it's
Total destruction of food production
Let's see, I stepped away to change the baby's diaper and now the beer has a chewy malty element to it. I get a touch of metal in the finish, but the beer is rather enjoyable. I'm also get a bit of some citrus hops as well. 3 Star
I'll be making more from this book for sure. I think next I'll explore the Chilies and BBQ-Inspired Dishes chapter. There's a Maple-Infused Sausage Chili that sounds delightful, and a Coffee'd Tempeh Chili (made with espresso!) that I cannot wait to put in my mouth.
The ancient rabbistraditional Judaisms most authoritative sourcesalmost always interpreted Isaiah 53 with reference to an individual rather than to Israel as a whole or to the righteous within Israel, and this individual was most commonly interpreted to the Messiah. (60)
Homemade waffle topped with homemade ice cream, fresh
Recently i've applyed for a chance to compare 2 beers, 1 from America another from the Czech republic. From the tittle no prizes for which tittle goes under which beers. Personally i have nothing against either beer, although the setting in which i would have them are very different.
In the air of your flight and is refreshed.
He or she must be able to analyze business objectives of the stakeholder and develops solutions to meet their business. Strong technical skills, business intelligence, and must be able a fully understand the needs of the customer. Analyze, and documents business requirements and delivers throughout the project life cycle. Implements back office and web based systems and procedures for the overall Business strategies. Work with cross-functional teams to build out the rolling forecasting, reporting & analysis capabilities of the financial forecasting system. Assist in the development and analysis of revenue forecasting, modeling and ROI analysis.
Siddique and Liaqat targeted their victims on the streets of Derby while driving in a BMW.
I know my posts have been a bit too sporadic in the past few months. This time I have no reasons... I don't know what's been keeping me from crafting. Busy, yes, but not sooo busy that I can't craft. Anyway, here is what I have to share with you today:
Die-cut: Spellbinders
You know what my opening line is, so let me ask, what is yours?
Now, helpless in the hollow of
How many members are there?
4) Keep stirring the gravy to prevent it from curdling for 10 minutes.
And even that is perfect.
UK: Catholic archbishops intensify opposition to homosexual "marriage"
We are life observers and people connectors,
6. And as to a review of his performance, no one has the power to review what he is doing. The international statistics of Scientology are a secret. They are never published, never talked about. Former insiders say that Scientology international statistics have been on a long term death slide since 1991. And if that seems far-fetched, ask yourself this: If the statistics really were booming, dont you think theyd be showing them at events? You bet they would.
It was time to tackle the linen closet. It had become a huge mess.
It does sort of just look like a rock-colored lump, but paleontologists affiliated with the University of Cincinnati say that they've found something very big and very weird. The 150-pound fossil recovered last year in northern Kentucky is more than 6 feet long and 3 feet wide. To the untrained eye, it looks like a bunch of rocks or a concrete blob.
96. Go golfing
Today's photos are from March 1969, and they feature two beautiful steam locomotives used in the recreation of the famous Golden Spike ceremony that took place when the transcontinental railroad was completed May 10, 1869 - 100 years before these pictures were shot!
Sweet little old lady: If I see one of those wee cross o St. George flags again ahm gonnae set fire to it, and set fire to the car, and set fire to the people in it an a
And thanks to the artists of St Marks Rainbows, Harrogate for their lovely thank you card.
The other day, my seven year old asked me what was the worst thing that ever happened to me in my life? How could I possibly choose, I thought? Molestation, incest, rape, abuse, alcoholism, prison I gave him a believable answer, and he told me that the worst thing that ever happened to him was when his Dad wouldnt let his sister take him to Funtown, but took him himself. I know full well when the worst part of my life was, it was a year midway through my 5 year relapse. It was the year where the woman I do not want to look at was alive, and well, and fully running my life. She was finally out in the open, so to speak, and it made her mad, and uncomfortable beyond words, so her actions spoke the most loudly. She was trying to kill the pain, and her and I in the process. That she did not is yet another miracle.
My head is cluttered and clouded at this moment in time. I haven't blogged because I haven't had any adequate words. One day I'll wake wanting to write about something, and go to sleep wanting to write another. My feelings on something change with the hour. A reoccurring thought for me at the moment is my future, and how I'm getting there. Time is moving so fast, and my life is changing so much that i feel like i can't write the words properly, and in frustration - i don't write at all. (Have you sensed that I am a perfectionist yet?)
9. Somebody To Love
And I seriously hit rock bottom during that season. The exfoliating was overtaken by intoxicating. A whole lot of intoxicating.
Over the area spread below, the three or four millions of square
I love my boyfriend.
Doug: This is a great cover, isn't it? If I had been a Hulk fan when I was 11, Ernie Chan would have made me buy this.
and the Geneva intermediaries 
Nuff said bub.- to quote Wolverine.
Far Cry 2
This interesting animal resembles a short, fairly thickset Australian dingo with a broad vulpine face and varying coat colour (most commonly brown), but with a noticeably bushy tail that it sometimes curls to one side over its rump. It also compares closely with the dingo in relation to certain cranial-dental ratios held to be of significance in canid classification. Recent genetic research has revealed that both singing dog and dingo date back at least 4000 years, making them among the oldest of the ancient domestic dog breeds.
There is plentiful evidence from business consulting firms including McKinsey & Co., and from Catalyst, a nonprofit research group, that companies with gender-diverse management teams experience higher growth in their share prices, better-than-average operating profits, and outperform their rivals in terms of sales, return on investment capital and return on equity, according to the report. That research showed that women asked more questions and made fewer reckless decisions, proving that women are not a cost, women are a benefit, Ms. Reding said.
Looool you happy to see me?
Issa and Cummings also sent a letter to Defense Secretary Leon Panetta requesting details of the military investigation by May 8.
Marketers have an open window to what their consumers interests are. This removes the research that needs to be done to reveal what consumers are wanting and looking at. Pinterest has virtually allowed marketers to easy access to discover their target markets needs.
I have no idea what to say about this book. It was really, really good. I think I did let the hype heighten my expectations to unrealistic levels though and for that I ended up perhaps hoping for something a bit more groundbreaking. Well let's just say that I hoped for tears. Not just out of the characters' eyes, but mine. And while I loved the characters I just didn't shed a tear even when tragedy struck.
As February comes to an end, another National Heart Month leaves with it. As the recognition for Heart Month fades it is important to remember its lasting effects throughout the rest of the year. According to the World Health Organization, 17.3 million people die every year from cardiovascular disease or related causes.
07/03  Chicago, IL @ The Bottom Lounge
It took a bit of thinking, but I finally realized that what I loved about this show were the characters. So for the first time ever, I stepped away from the academic paragraphs and wrote a list of reasons to watch Parks and Rec. And although I had used videos and pictures in blogs before this, I think that it was the first time that they really added merit to what I had written. It was about as revelatory as blogs can beI realized that I could get my point across much more quickly with bullet points or numbers, and that rhetorically, this fit my dry humor like a glove.
Thank you for visiting my blog and for all your emails and comments which I love reading. I'll be back tomorrow with more crafting fun and I hope to see you then.
Ms
Acts 27:3
What I dont understand.
But, if we look at the record of what really happened, as it is in each of the Four Gospels, it was John who gave the people hope. The Pharisees had no message of hope for sinners, and the Sadducees had no message of hope at all, believing that there was no life beyond the grave (which is why the Sadducees were sad, you see). Furthermore, the Pharisees seemed to think of sin in terms of social class instead of in terms of ones relation to God. But, of course, the most important line was that of the Lord Jesus Christ, when He said to the Pharisees that the tax collectors and prostitutes would enter the kingdom of God ahead of them, because the tax collectors and prostitues repented at the preaching of John. People came from miles around to confess their sins and to be baptized by him, with his baptism of repentance.
Now you can drink it or you can nurse it,
Anyway, back to the fact that I am racist.
Still, Treasury officials have no illusions that their work here is done. From the beginning, the blacklisting was also intended as a wider warning to a banking industry that, with secrecy to rival the Swiss, forms the backbone of Lebanons economy: henceforth, other bankers did business with Hezbollah at their peril.
Once there was a HOT BIRD, now there is a HOT BIRD, as always the city is a fertile wardrobe waiting to be tried on and turned out.
I suppose if I wake up one day and find an online order for fish & chips from some takeaway place in England on my screen, I guess I will know who to blame.
We do not need an inerrant Bible to demonstrate the veracity of the historical points just mentioned. We only need a trustworthy record of Jesus teachings, claims, and deeds from those in a position to provide us with accurate information. So long as the salient details of Jesus life, teachings, and resurrection contained in the Bible are accurate, that is enough to validate Christianity as being true. And we can demonstrate that the salient details of the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ are firmly established as historically accurate using the standard principles of historiography employed by secular historians.
After you correspond your longest ie character, you beggary to eff who to channelise it to. In this article, you'll see where to perceive an publicizing leaning and trade disposal listings to forbear with your IT marketing efforts.
Faster than a speeding bullet, more powerful than a locomotive, and able to leap tall buildings in a single bound  Its a bird! Its a plane! Its Superdad!
The veterans are the true heroes, Gordon said. They are the warriors fighting the real battle overseas, while we do it here for fun. Gordon said hed be at the Aug 4 event, carrying some bricks.
Her black nail polished hand gently but firmly smacks your ass. You are SHOCKED but she can tell by your soft moan that you like it.
Boehner correctly noted that gas prices have doubled since President Obama took office. But he did not mention that they were unusually low in early 2009 because of the economic crisis, when demand for energy plunged. Were not sure that the economic misery of those days is worth cheap gas.
Today was an interesting day.
Im working on a paper for another class, and in my research for that paper, I found an article comparing the modern day internet to the infinite monkey theorem by T.H. Huxley, grandfather of the late Aldous Huxley. The elder Huxley theorized that if you provide an infinite number of monkeys with an infinite number of typewriters, one of them will eventually type an actual piece of text, such as a play by William Shakespeare.
Speaking of Hal  the growing friendship with Tom and banter with Allison as well, Im rather pleased that theyre exploring his love life at last. We got lucky once again because Alex was a rather sparky character and while Hal did make the effort to resist killing her, it does appear from next weeks promo that Hal might start succumbing to his dark side again.
I think I'm going to take a break from blogging for a bit. I'm not sure how long. Until I learn how to kindly and humourusly convey my life here, it really is a stretch to blog about things that are fun for me to write about. Perhaps when I get a camera that works better I'll start blogging about the kids, but honestly, the personal blog thing has lost some of it's charm on me.
sift the flour, baking powder and sugar, set aside
I wasnt sure that I wanted to buy Bloodshot. I tried to read one of Cherie Priests steampunk books  Boneshaker  a while back but only managed to get about halfway before losing interest. Ill likely try it again at some point; its a well written story but it just couldnt hold my attention at the time. In any case, though, it made me hesitant to invest in Bloodshot. In the end, though, I did order it and Im very glad that I did since Bloodshot is a lot of fun, due in no small part to Raylenes charm.
So when I go MIA from AFOMFT for a bit, it's probably because I'm off somewhere producing something new for Mad Fusion Media. I'm trying to find the balance between doing both but I'm learning that running your own business sometimes means putting everything else on the back burner. I promise not to let it happen too often, though!
Actually I do.
Wireless networking is prone to some security issues. The risks to users of wireless technology have increased as the service has become more popular. Wireless security is the prevention of unauthorized access or damage to computers using wireless networks.
My mother was referred to the provincial hospital in Bethlehem to have biopsies done on lumps found in her breasts in order to determine whether it is cancerous or benign. As an old Afrikaner lady, she was treated with the utmost immoral staff members at the hospital. Upon arriving, she went to admissions. She explained to the officials her reason for being there and presented he reference letter from the specialist. The official diminutively asked my mother: What must I do with this?, upon which she then responded that she unfortunately did not know as she was told to present this letter when signing into the hospital. With an intense dreadful attitude, she was referred to casualties in a derogative manner. When arriving at casualties, the queue was extremely long and no white person in sight amongst the multiple patients. Eventually, after a few hours, when attention was given to her, she was told that she did not belong there and should return to the admissions office. She returned to the office and remained there for yet a long period. As it was here turn to be admitted, the official on duty blatantly turned her back on my mother and just walked away without any indication whether she would return or not. My mother stood for several minutes after which the frowned-faced-official returned and started attending to other people out of the queue even though my mother was first in line. The total lack of respect, and mocking entertainment of these officials with a hate glare in their eyes got the better of my unfortunate mother, and she had no alternative but to leave the hospital without receiving the medical care as stated in our constitution. My mother potentially has a life-threatening disease, and she was forced to leave the hospital by a method of derogative mannerisms by people who are suppose to provide loving and tender care to the sick.
In 1953 however, Stolichnaya was introduced on the international trade show in Bern and received a gold medal, the first of many. In 1972, the PepsiCo company struck an agreement with the then government of the Soviet Union. The deal involved PepsiCo being granted exportation and Western marketing rights to Stolichnaya vodka in exchange for importation and Soviet marketing of Pepsi-Cola (This exchange led to Pepsi-Cola being the first foreign product sanctioned for sale in the U.S.S.R.).
3). The Angels on the other hand, are next to last in overall team hitting. Theyre batting just .236, with 17 homers, (3rd from last in the AL), and 76 RBIs, (2nd. to last in the AL).
your best nightmare
He is not there but,
Quite a lot of nonsense there, at beer-pages.com
Remove the balls with slotted spoon,strain the oil completely and drop them carefully into the sugar syrup.Fry all the balls in the same manner on very low heat and then drop them into sugar syrup.Soak the balls in syrup for atleast 3-4 hours or for best results soak them overnight.Serve at room temperature or can be warmed in micro and also can be stored for a week in refrigerator.
3/4 C Almond slivers
I've got to go and get dressed and find the dog. It's time to take him for a walk. It looks like it's going to rain and I want to go out there before it does.
On animal farm
We're on a redeye. I can't sleep.
and sandy beaches cooled by the breeze
Steve Shear, (J.D. American University), Program co-Chair & Trainer
No, seriously, have you ever tried this stuff? It's freakin' AMAZING. I bought some to make a recipe a couple of weeks ago, and have to admit, I will have a hard time eating just "regular" mozzarella anymore. There are tons of different things you can make/do with fresh mozzarella. Salads, sandwiches, pizza, lasagna, etc. SO SO good.
Make these fabulous earrings with dangles of chain to give you an in style look. The white stone is actually a drusy which is beautifull but hard to photograph.
Daddy: Well I were thinking along them lines yes
First, her story was that I pushed her. Then, because I've carried a knife of some kind on me since I was somewhere between eight and ten, that I stabbed her. There was a certain number of friends I gave my side of the story to and then let lie. Strangers who had at least the courtesy to ask would get a curt no and that was it. Remembering that lesson I learned from my mother about protesting too much played heavily into my approach of being thrown smack in the middle of a game of Machiavelli. Madam Lung advised me on a tactic I was already taking; don't rise to the bait, but rise above.
Things have been happening here. Flowers. Like crazy. Weddings of friends and strangers. Coffees and hangovers and 6am flower market runs every other day. Pizza more often than not. 24 dirty flower buckets waiting for me in the bathtub. 10 large cardboard boxes of fancy vases in the living room. 6 weddings in September. 3 gorgeous, massive cast iron urns stolen from my hallway. 2 accidentally thrown away pairs of expensive clippers. 1 very special vintage umbrella taken at a bar and lost for all time. Cliff notes version-I've missed you here.
*Dish wands
Pairings: Cheese: Camebert, Fontina
And towels upon the line;
Nor is there wanting in the press
Their hits included:
- Ruby red grapefruit 2 for $1.00 (Texas, Sunkist)
I'll lock your jaw til you cant talk
Not so with the cartoon-like live-action superhero movie of the summer, just out on DVD, Kick-Ass. I saw it last night, finally, and was amused and appalled in equal measure. Kick-Ass reads like a rather obvious inversion of the Spider-Man arc (and cites this influence often): a nerdy high-school kid takes on a new life as a costumed crusader. This time around, the boy gets to sleep with his crush, has no powers to speak of and is beaten to a pulp, and lives in a world where the bad guys and other heroes are equally cruel and vicious. Notably, Big Daddy, an ex-cop seeking revenge for his wife's death at the hands of a kingpin crime-lord, has trained his little daughter, Hit-Girl, to take bullets in her stride, and use most knives and firearms with lethal force.
Dead City sees Graham straining at the very top of his range over a thrillingly driving rhythm carried along but a great fuzzy bassline that Peter Hook in his Joy Division pomp would have been proud of; Indeed, Joy Division/ New Order and Depeche Mode are reference points that can be heard throughout the record. The symphonic electronic rock of Another Bed could almost be a lost Depeche Mode track and those soaring analogue synths are once again to the fore in Dont Look At Me. Fortunately, the immense power of The Twilight Sads music ensures that these forays into 1980s inspired electronic sounds never lapse into mere pastiche.
Run 4 miles 3 times this week  10
When A/H1N1s existence had been firmly established in the United States by May 10, 2009, Wisconsin and Illinois had nearly a third of the countrys cases. Since then Wisconsin has consistently led the nation despite its population of 5,627,967 based on July 2008 estimates versus the larger states  California, Texas, New York, Illinois and even Michigan with July 2008 populations of 36,755,666, 24,326,974, 19,490,297, 12,901,563 and 10,003,422, respectively. By June 12, 2009 when dispersion had set in, Wisconsin and Illinois still accounted for more than a quarter of U.S. cases. Demographically speaking this disproportionate caseload makes little sense. However, when Madison, WI is viewed as the point of origin, the two-State caseload provides incontrovertible evidence of the virus inception. 
-Winners will be notified in late March by e-mail and announced on Earth day
This film, in my opinion and terms, is an achievement for Hindi cinema, not because people think that the subject is brave, but it is an achievement for what it tries to capture, and those are, sentiments, pure, negligent and meticulous. When energy strikes something cold, liveliness is felt. For an old man whose feelings are long lost, all that remains are memories, which could be looked back, again and again.
Just a Man--Faith No More
12. Peace Out 4.21 (48/56)
The method of dispense is a means to an end. Some styles are enhanced by one particular closure whereas others are worsened. Put a beer in the container that presents it in the best possible way to the drinker. Simple."
Ann, or perhaps Jo, said that one impressive thing about the novel was the way that early on we are led to see the Garners as unusually philanthropic slave owners, but later realize that this is just a matter of relativity, and that they have their own cruelties. I said that one of the most horrifying moments for me, though, was not the out-and-out cruelty from which it's easy to distance oneself, but the incident towards the end when Sethe's living daughter Denver goes to the abolitionists' house to ask for work. Here she comes across something which horrifies her: a small statue of a black child with its head pulled back and its lower lip extended to receive coins casually thrown down, ready for paying tradesmen - a figure so like the Little-Black-Sambo collection figures that stood unremarked outside shops and in arcades in my own childhood, that I was pushed up suddenly against my own unconscious collusion in racism.
**We got used to our cable TV, allowing BoxMarts to invade our towns destroying downtown USA and Mom & Pops or the local 5&Dime Store;
Thanks everyone for leaving comments and sharing chicken wisdom!
because I did not speak on my own,
Shoes created by 8th graders. What a process! Tennis shoes collected by staff:) wrapped in Saran Wrap, one layer of plaster strips, then pulled out through a slit cut up the heel. Added two additional layers of plaster strips and painted!!
This is how it works. This is how not to fail. This is how the plan succeeds in reaching and staying at the goal.
Yo La Tengo - I Can Hear The Heart Beating As One - 1997
As for hag, it conjures up an unflattering image of a witchy, old woman with a wart at the end of her long, bent nose and hair that looks like something youd use to mop the floor.
And Im lucky enough to find myself in a wonderful position in 2012, my writing is getting traction. And now I discover even minor success brings a whole new level of terror with it. And suddenly the fear of succeeding at something that for so long I felt lost doing is a lot like drowning. And soaring. Which is of course extremely frustrating, but also exceptionally rewarding  how will you ever appreciate anything unless you know the opposite?
T: Daddy is bery (very) happy.
Free Admission
Guinsoo: Already done.
I have to admit that this is a fluff post. I have a big post I'm mulling over but have gathering to do before I can write it. So today, because not much else of worth can get out around that Big One I'm working on, you'll have to bear with me on the fluff. But fluff is good, too, yes? We all need distractions and silly stuff to keep us going, I think.
Thank you for hosting the brunch Hermione.
Shit, it's two weeks since my last post. My sense of time has been totally warped. On the one hand, time is flying by because Dani and I have been doing so much. There's something magical about the change from Winter to Spring. Um...alright, actually, there isn't. It's just warmer so going out and doing things becomes more attractive.
Wed had a bit of a joking plan that I would have some Guinness after the birth for various reasons, and I mentioned this with a bit of an oh well its not going to happen now. Lloyd said he could duck down to the shops and get some so I said, dammit why not, and get some chocolate too! So he ducked out and I cruised along in my little nest on the lounge, gazing at my candles, birth flags, and mandala cards, feeling very happy. He got back quickly, cursing the backwaters shops for shutting early (it was just after 9pm). No Guinness for me but we had chocolate! I didnt want any at that point though.
XOXO- Miss V.
Stay 10 nights, earn 3 bonus nights toward elite status (max of 6 nights).
Theodore A. Bergren, The People Coming from the East in 5 Ezra 1:38, Journal of Biblical Literature, 108 (1989), 675-83.
I have been so incredibly lucky that Musicman has been able to give me the time and support I needed to figure out what I wanted and to go after it. It truly has been the best gift he could have ever given me, the gift of time. The gift of his unfailing support and encouragement when things looked so bleak. Starting over at middle age isn't easy and the current state of the economy hasn't helped.
Unless they are made of water-resistant paper, they will hold liquids for a very short time only.
pox). Some families got described as caulo
So from now on, there will be days when the house is a mess because we're only in it long enough to cause a scene. We can't be troubled to stick around and take care of it. We're too busy pinkening our noses.
We like it hot, can ya tell? Add some Franks Hot Sauce (or your preferred brand) to the buttermilk.
He strides across the Middle East,
Because cloth diapers can last for years, you can almost always find gently used diapers for sale somewhere. Some of the most popular sites for used cloth diaper sales are diaperswappers, Spot's Corner and there are many facebook groups that focus only on buying, selling and trading (b/s/t) used diapers. Many cloth diaper stores also offer a gently used section. You can usually buy an entire stash of gently used cloth diapers at 50% or more off the retail price.
AnywhoJaimy Hancroft from DRD is releasing items nonstop. Very ambitiously releasing 30 items in 30 days and i cant seem to keep up lol. However here are 2 recent releases! Hope you like.
I don't believe in coincidences, but that one is darn tough to ignore.
o LAVO, located inside The Palazzo  featuring Revealed Hardwell
I have been so busy with school, but I'm finally on winter holiday! Here are some of my greatest finds lately, and an outfit that's quite representative of the sort of things I've been wearing of late (a.k.a. dull and practical!).
Xavier knew he wouldn't make it to the bottom of the stairs and on to the beach by himself, but he did not let that stop him. Each breath emerged harsh in the seaside air, his spindly legs and veined feet ached, his arm gave way as he held on to the banister.
Sleeping beauty fell asleep ages ago. And he doesnt want to wake up yet. Why should he? Its quiet. Only the sheep and the wind make their soft noises.
Jester King Black Metal Imperial Stout (whiskey/oak)
20 House of Blues, Myrtle Beach, SC
5. People posting videos. Outside of reaction videos, videos on the internet are awesome. Especially music videos and clips of episodes. Quite frankly, since I dont have HBO, the internet is the only way I would have been able to see the Renly/Loras scene from last weeks episode of Game of Thrones. And I get really impatient waiting for the DVDs to come out, since they seem to be waiting longer and longer to release them. And without the internet, I never would have watched Spartacus: Vengeance when I did, and then I would have been missing out on the pure awesomeness that is Nagron.
The RGB has scheduled two upcoming public hearings during which the public will be able to testify and weigh in on the adopted and proposed renewal lease guidelines. Details on the Brooklyn-based hearing is below
So I called his office leaving a detailed message and asking what tests or things I should be asking my GP about when I see him on Wednesday. The oncologist's nurse called me back a couple hours later after discussing my message with the doctor. They apparently pulled my medical file and looked it over. The doctor is "concerned that it very well could be a recurrence of Phyllodes" and wants to see me "asap", so I was given an appointment for Monday at 11:00AM (central usa time).
Julia and I are cleaning out our shelves and giving away 64 urban fantasy, paranormal romance, and paranormal YA books. Some are brand new, some are well read, some are ARCs, and one is an MP3 audio book. There will be eight winners who each get to pick eight books from the list below. I will contact the winners in the order that they are drawn for their picks.
Friday was Last Bell, a sort of closing ceremony for all of school. The band plays, teachers get lots of flowers, the students sing, and some of the 11th Formers asked teachers to do a Last Bell dance. I gladly participated, enjoyed all of the festivites. I even have 6 bouquets of flowers to show for it!
Our services include editing, proofreading, design, page layout, preparation of print-ready files and delivery of your finished books. Marketing support is available for books which have been professionally edited  that means by someone who earns their living editing books!
After a visit to Akbars burial chamber, and with the prayer still echoing, I take a walk around the premises. There are hardly any tourists and the wide, arched passageways that run on all four sides of the Mausoleum are empty and peaceful. Some of the arches are covered with screens, while many of them are not leading to sunlight creating some beautiful patterns and light and shadow effects on the floors and walls. I spend quite some time delighting in this play of light.
He'll text me when the plane arrives;
With an optimistic eye
Since then I've bought a Holga 120 and the full Diana F+ kit. I'm still learning to use all three correctly, and I often discover I've shot a picture with the lens cap on, or over the top of another shot, or while the setting was on B for bulb instead of normal.
Make use of the charity shops you will find in every High Street in every UK town. Cheap, quality used goods are available. Everything you need is there from crockery and cutlery, to good suits and shoes for a fraction of the new price. Nothing tardy or dirty is sold; it gets chucked if it is not in good nick.
Stacey: My first signing in Oxford, Mississippi at Square Books Junior is my biggest rock star moment. They had an after party with a punk band and the lead singer had composed a song titled "You are so undead to me" in honor of my book. I was blown away. Best signing ever. Thank you Jill and all the folks at Square Books! (Wish I still had the link to the video of the song. It was awesome.)
I used the invisible machine appliqu technique (just like needle turned appliqu by hand, but with the sewing machine) for this quilt. I am not going to go into great detail here, because I have a few tutorials about the technique on my blog already - Mug Rug Tutorial, Crow on Berry Branch Tutorial, and Freezer Paper Appliqu Tutorial.
Of the man and woman weve always wanted to be
And I got three instead of two. Normally (by normally I mean before John was incarcerated and the redhead stopped eating and excluding that six month period in there last year where the redhead went through a divorce and stopped eating also) Id get three fish for a meal  or two fish and fries. (One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish? Wow. Tired. Slap-happy.) But lately (and last year during the aforementioned time period) Ive only gotten one or two  and usually didnt even finish them. Youll be happy to note I finished them, except for the few bites I gave the pooches because they were being good dogs.
I'm 10. When my mother
Now the thing that was odd about that statement was that he was wearing a t-shirt yet we were at a country club. As you may or may not be aware, country clubs as institutions frown upon shirts without collars. Delhi Golf Club is no different. Apparently, Rahul, who spent his day addressing parliament on the anti-corruption Lokpal bill, wasn't above this rule. Someone brought him a golf shirt. Continuing his unassuming routine for the night; one minute he was wearing a black t-shirt and the next he was wearing a gray golf shirt. I didn't even notice the change.
No, I dont. I dont think that anyone likes to write. I like having written. Writing The End on a novel youve just completed is the greatest orgasm of relief and joy that anyone can ever feel. Everything that occurs prior to that is just so much horror.
Anyhow, I have some recent kid shenanigans to share now that life has slowed down a bit, but I'll just ease myself back into the blogisphere with this little pic I observed while in Texas at the conference last week.
I have a stack of fabric that is just screaming to me to cut it up into more bags/purses. Finding the time to get it all done is another thing though. I'm slowly working on it and have some plans for doing Bag Parties starting in late February. What is a bag party you ask? Well, it's where you get a group of your friends/family to come over to your house one evening or one day during the weekend for a few hours. I will bring all my bags/purses over and after washing their hands, everyone can look at them, feel them, look in them, try them on, etc. I will also bring along some fabrics I have that has not been made into bags yet, in case you don't see what you like. For hosting a party, I will give you 50% off 1 item, up to $25 off. Looking at the bags/purses online is OK, but seeing them in person is fantastic!!
The Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs (IDEAS) agreed with Najibs challenge but issued a similar one to BN to unveil its own shadow Cabinet in opposition states.
When I was younger, I had this amazing writing desk. I loved it. I would have my computer at arms length and I always had a little jar of candy (so wonder I have a big butt). It was complete quiet and no one ever bothered me.I used to write my little Backstreet Boys fan fictions and I was awesome. Then I discovered boys, well, one boy, my now husband, and writing went down the tube.
I love darn near every single home featured in this magazine.
Canyon's grand design
For those who haven't been following along recently, we have been paying tribute to the revolutionaries and protesters who are currently fighting for their freedom across the North African and Middle Eastern regions. Since my last protest, new protests and violent clashes have broken out in Bahrain, Libya and Iran. This is turning out to be a very historic month, the likes of which have not been seen since the Velvet Revolution which occurred in 1989. Although only two countries have managed to successfully overthrow their regimes up till this point, while BLAHBLAH BLAH managed to throw successful revolutions in 1989. It remains to be seen if these countries will be able to reach their end-goal, which is regime change. Political analysts were saying that an Egyptian revolution was next to impossible, due to the social and political conditions being dramatically different than those which led to the revolution in Tunisia. I find it unlikely that the regimes in some of these countries will fall. However, I am not only paying tribute to those who are most likely to succeed in their revolutionary goals. It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to an oppressive regime willing to use force against peaceful protesters, especially those who have the least support behind them, and realize that their chances are slim. I want those who are participating in these protests to know that I have a great deal of respect for their courage and dedication to strengething the moral and political infrastructure of their country. Not only do you have my support, but countless others around the world are closely watching the events unfolding in your respective countries, praying for your safety and hoping you will succeed. Although we cannot be there physically, we are with you in spirit.
ghee/ oil - 1/2 tsp
first heard it through her brother Paddy, who hips her to a lot of
Yoochun pull out and lay beside Junsu. He pulls Junsu closer and hugs him.
PEREGRINE FALCON, Basin 3, same, same.
Heres for the next week, starting today. Thanks for praying for India with me!
The events of the recent times too are telling. Perhaps the establishment too fears the loss of power, and that is why they are quick to use draconian laws to stifle, if not totally silent political dissent.
Sierra Nevada has another edition of Torpedo out, now.
And, also like the Tuscan White Bean Spread, I modified the recipe. I like modifying recipes. The main change this time around was that I adapted the recipe from being made in a skillet on the stove to being made in the crockpot. I knew I was going to have a busy day today, and being able to throw everything in one vessel and not worry about it was going to be a big help.
Then it's off to the compost pile to get a wheelbarrow load or two per bed. We buy our compost by the trailer load from a local mulch and compost supply place. My compost piles are not producing enough compost fast enough. Maybe after my soil is better I can use all of my own homemade compost.
A culture dedicated to e-reading will kill bookstores.
I am the first to devour the latest design books by well known, talented and educated designers, those full of knowledge about the finest of antiques, art, furniture, fabrics, etc. I love certain designers more than others, finding I am consistently attracted to and recognize their work.
Equity Offering 13
I first heard the name John Demjanjuk in 1985 when Israel sought his extradition as a war criminal. Survivors of the Nazi holocaust had recognized Demjanjuk as Ivan the Terrible, an infamous prison guard who acted with singular cruelty against Jewish prisoners at Sobibor and Treblinka.
Recent Selected Books
The second striking phrase in that prayer was the reference to the paschal festivities. Im familiar with the Paschal Mystery  the passion, death, and resurrection of Jesus. Ive never heard it referred to with the term festivities, though. Ive heard the mass described not only as a sacrifice, but also as a celebration, but festivities seems to imply a much lighter atmosphere. Could it be that a nuance was lost in the translation?
superstition's deathbed bride
Lizabeth Vineyard Harvest
Perhaps a weekly cage match. Entertain us without destroying our liberty. Make us smile, without stealing our stuff.
Making millions of records accessible, the internet has allowed family history research to grow by leaps and bounds. I have been able to trace 3/4 of my ancestors back to Germany. I found one of my family lines in church record books from the late 1700s and found what town they were from. I have also been doing my husbands tree for over a year and at first he didnt think I would find anything. Finding a John Smith from Kentucky is like finding a needle in a haystack. Well, his family tree is turning out to be large and quite impressive. I have been able to trace through his mothers line that he is descended from dozens of the first settlers of Quebec in the early 1600s. Some of these ancestors were also some of the first residents of Detroit and the first settlers of Monroe, MI. His family tree branches on his fathers side are no less impressive. Several of his family lines lead to ancestors who migrated to Kentucky from Maryland in the late 1700s and were some of the states first settlers. Some of them were from prestigious families and there is at least one person who I believe is to be a patriot of the Revolutionary War.
IntroductionIt was a great honor for me to receive my masters degree. But there is an even greater honor and that is to be able to serve a risen Lord. Have a member read Matthew 28:19.
Moebius: When will you have the ten megawatt commercial prototypes ready for the Polywell?
Knee surgery hurts, that's the truth!
For my personal sustainability promise, I have decided to use only mugs and reusable water bottles rather than throwing away paper cup after paper cup. After calculating how many coffee drinks I have during the day, I decided it would be a great idea to invest my money is a thermos and plastic water cup. I am a huge coffee drinker and after realizing that on average, I buy about 3 cups during the weekdays and about 1 or 2 on weekends, which is about19 cups a week and roughly 76 drinks a month. So in one year I consume right around 912 drinks per year. That is 912 cups per year. Now multiply that times the coffee drinking population in America who consumes around the same amount as I do every year. Do you know what that number is? 105 million people fall into the number of people who like me, drink about three cups a day. A whopping 957,600,000 cups of coffee are drank a year. Granted, not all of these cups are the plastic to go ones but a good majority of the cups are. For a long time the only place those cups would go is in a garbage can which fill our landfills and decompose.
I began writing professionally in 2006, and was busy learning the business from the ground, up. I quickly realized how word of mouth can be one of the greatest marketing tools, especially if you speak occasionally about other attention grabbing topics in everyday life. We, as humans, love listening and voicing our opinions and thoughts on everyday issues, and we love to interact with others to gain info or simply gossip about nothing. We listen when people recommend simple solutions to problems, recipes or the hottest, new movies to see.
Michele (Du Berry) Beale, 37, Essex, Britain
Our body actually needs good fat (from the right source of oil and fat) in our diet.
The fourth and final notecard design for this
i started with a blue tag stamped with a word stamp by stampendous. i've added designer paper, lace and other goodies. the girl blooming from the flower came from vintage image madness. for some reason the phrase "bloom where you're planted" has been on my mind. maybe this image got to me. anyway, those are wise words!
Here's how it works, leave any gifts, appetizers and/or libations in the comments. Mingle with the other guests and pop back in out through the course of the day.
*I do not believe that the intervention in Libya was primarily motivated by Western thirst for Libyan oil but a serious analysis of the consequences of the intervention must take into account the fact that many people around the world believe that was the primary motivation. Perceptions matter even if one disagrees with them.
In 1501 began a period of intense activity; he is in Florence, where he completed the sculpture of David, meanwhile, he also painted the Battle of Cascina and the Doni Tondo. In fact, in the autumn of 1504 Michelangelo was given the commission to paint the battle of Cascina (a battle between Florence and Pisa, which Florence won) intended to be a fresco on a wall of the Palazzo della Signoria as a companion piece to Leonardos Battle of Anghiari, but this project came to nothing: the cartoon was finished (at least in part, by February 1505) but an urgent summons from Pope Julius II prevented Michelangelo from continuing with the work, for which only some drawings survived.
FPGAs have an opening because you are not getting any more clocks from microprocessor fab shrinks: OK.
I chose to write about the first moment I saw my husband. It is what began a love story that has lasted for twenty years. He is the love of my life and I am blessed every day.
I have a 5K on Saturday morning I am running with some ladies for work in support of my coworker's mother who is fighting breast cancer. It should be a lot of fun, we are running in sparkly tutus and zebra striped shirts :) I've been on a diet/exercise routine for about 1.5 months now and have lost a bit over 10lb. I have about 18lb to go until I reach my goal weight. It is sort of shooting for the moon, but I have TK on the same plan and he needs it as badly as I do, so we are supporting each other and enjoying the results we have seen. I feel much stronger thanks to spending 6-7 days a week doing some variety of exercise. It has been nice. Maybe I will actually not dreading buying a new bathing suit this summer....just maybe.
Im very excited about this. I have been in touch with some retailers about putting a few in their shop.
and I never gave it much thought until now.
New friends that only impart fun and novelty into your life, without too much baggage. It's fun to party with new folk, and it's even better to make new memories.
-cane shots by a recovered Punk.
6:00-- Lovely cold shower once again followed by beauty routine.
I have within the past few months started Swing Dancing, it is almost like a drug. I'm addicted and love it!
Kurt raises his hand and we high five -
So I have created a new fresh completely different website!! So my blog posts from now on will be posted here: www.imagesbycassandra.com/blog/
Wisconsin - Finding a song for this state was a pain in the ass. Everywhere I turned there was state songs, fight songs and nothing remotely artistic. Finally, I came upon Bon Iver and the aptly names Wisconsin.
ben had fun with the chalkboard.
Its a Mario game so Ill keep this short and sweet. At first I was disappointed about how quickly I was progressing through the levels and worlds managing to easily pick up the 3 star coins in each level and collecting lives quicker then the amount of levels I was completing. There was doubt in my mind that I would finish the game within a couple of days but thankfully World 8 isnt the end of the game. The game does however get a bit more challenging but my only downside is the star coins! These coins are relatively easy to find and pick up with the exception of a couple in the whole game that actually gave me any issues to find. The star coins you can collect seem to become pointless by the end of the game, they are used to progress and open up new levels but they are so easy to collect you should never have any issues. Not only this but you can still keep collecting them after you finish the game but to what purpose I am not sure.
Today we went outside and did some squirt gun artwork.
This is where I mutter under my breath about being too old for this crap.
Seth is, by reputation, a jerkwad and a loser. Hes going nowhere, and the world might even be better off without him in it. But Seth is trying, and it is this single quality alone that made my heart pour out to him and root for him. He has no one to hold him accountable, no reason to try in school, and it seems like he has no reason to stop drinking all the time and wasting his life away. Yet Seth wants more, and it is from this launching point Freefall pulls the reader quickly into Seths world. Hes smart, but overtaken by untapped potential. Hes funny, attractive, and friendly. But hes also someone who runs from his problems, lashes out, drowns himself in his misery, and seems to screw up everything he touches. Seth is flawed in ways he can't even see, and yet Scott has written him in a way that is sympathetic and understandable. When his entire background is taken into account, the road thats led him to where he is makes sense. Even at his worst moments, there is still an endearing element to Seth and I completely empathized with this boy. The changes he makes are astounding, well paced, and perfectly build, making Seth a very three dimensional, raw character.
Okay, so onto our second dilemma. He says he has 7 acceptances, but 5 are from self-publishers. Am I to take it to mean that he has two offers from legitimate commercial publishers, but he's still trying to figure out who to trust among the self-publishing firms? Sorry, I don't buy it. I just plain don't.
That heavy thud against her thigh,
So the victory is not in self-improvement, but in the opposite of it: The Son was sent into the world to die willingly, not in an attempt to dethrone the Father! When death came near, a death that would not only be his own, but a death like dying billions of deaths at once, a death for others, he was honest about his human feelings: if it is possible, let this cup of suffering pass by, but heart in heart with his Father not my will, but your will be done.
This school district in Salt Lake City, Utah has activities, blank vocal cards, cards with the words, cards with words and a picture, and cards with the words, picture, and descriptions, templates, presentation materials, resources, and dual language resources. If you are already working with common core, or headed in that direction, this is such a time saver. Click here for their website!
In short, I want to truly LIVE every minute of every day with a real sense of purpose. I want to start with little and end with much  and not just in money. I want to cultivate relationships. Love. Grow. Explore. Learn. Channel myself towards causes I believe in  causes that will really go towards making the world a better place to be for me, this comes in the way of helping people live their truth with freedom and purpose. If a career happens along the way, fine, but its no longer my primary goal in the area of work.
I started by making my favorite Ina Garten chocolate cake recipe. Once cooled baked, I broke up the cake and pulsed the pieces through the food processor in batches. Then I made a batch of cream cheese frosting, mixed it into the cake crumbs, and formed the mixture into little balls. I covered them in plastic wrap, and let them chill in the fridge while I went about preparing the melted white chocolate for the coating.
I had the ads from the turkey day edition ready - folded eight ways to a perfect display of the two items from one store and one item from another. One item's store opens at five, the other at six. We should be able to swing our great grab and be back to the house by seven.
On a really odd note, I didn't know much about Shtalenkov, and when looking him up online just now I've learned that he apparently disappeared this past Sunday. Seems like some pretty odd circumstances there...
Some people love white walls.
May 9, 2012
Yet who complains? My heart and I?
Although there were lots of people in the Studio looking round at the menagerie of sets and delights it very rarely seemed that people were stood in your way or that you had to wait anytime to catch a closer glimpse of say the potion room, the Weasley house interior, Hagrids Hut, Dumbledores Office or one of the Dorm rooms, to name but a few.
I hung up the phone and haven't exchanged a word with her since. That was over two years ago and you know what, I've never been happier. This was a long time coming and I'm so glad it finally happened.
Liver disease is increasing because people are switching from beer to stronger drinks. We already know this though, because this has been true of every major alcoholism epidemic in history. In the gin epidemic of the eighteenth century, beer was part of the solution, not the problem, as the immortal cartoons by Hogarth show. It should be seen as that today.
The activation roll is mainly my first try to make it more enjoyable to solitaire play. When I play solo, I apply the activation roll to either both armies or just one, and add a bit of uncertainty to the battle. Other mechanisms would be needed to make it more enjoyable, and Im working on that.
The powers included in this subdivision (i) are of course covered by hundreds of other acts approved by the Congress which, it cannot be denied, all tend to enable the Government to fulfill its responsibilities and to maintain and enforce its authority. Moreover, the withdrawal of the greater and more important powers may be presumed to have carried the accessory and less important powers.
Some lenders have already begun new negotiations.
Charles Swan (Swan Turton) had the same musings - and emailed me. Charles has written an interesting piece in the context of advertising slogans. You can see his bulletin on the subject here: http://www.swanturton.com/ebulletins/archive/CopyrightInAdvertisingSlogans.aspx
We heard just the last few minutes of the show, and noted that Rome's Akron market affiliate, Clear Channel sports WARF/1350 "Fox Sports 1350", again declined to give three hours of airtime to hosts from its biggest competitor. WARF ran the Fox Sports Radio feed of Stephen A. Smith, repeated from his live morning drive show.
perfectly in my desk area....
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Old Viscosity
Place one layer of the plain genoise on the cake serving platter.
Camper of the Week: Christian Rodriguez
Studies published in the Australian Journal of Optometry, the British Medical Journal, and the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) have found iridologists assessment of patients with diagnosed serious diseases including kidney and gall bladder disease to be inaccurate.
Direct instruction is the appropriate teaching method when knowledge acquisition gained through facts, rules, and action sequences is the desired learning outcome (p. 223). Teaching strategies most commonly associated with direct instruction include: daily review of previous days work and reteaching when necessary; presenting and structuring new content in small steps; guided student practice with prompts and ample opportunities for student response; feedback and correctives; independent practice; and weekly and monthly review that involves reteaching as needed (p. 225).
It is well known that America is currently being crushed by a tidal wave of Mexican immigrants but less well known is the fact that Mexicans, Cubans and Latin and South Americans are also pouring into Europe, courtesy of the European Union.
This was not going to be easy, especially since we just decided to do this about a month before, but I was determined! My sister gave me my moms email password and I went in and copied her contact list. We also sent it out to friends of hers on Facebook as well as our friends.
A Nova Scotia teen who was suspended for wearing a T-shirt with the slogan, "Life is wasted without Jesus," will be allowed to return to school wearing his shirt.
- If you upload your card to an online gallery, use the code SSC55.
Till then lets look at depositing in these banks and not investing or borrowing..
Hi again, I am so glad that you liked yesterday's freebie, as I have 2 more of a similar nature waiting to show you, but not today, today's freebie can be a snowflake, star or bauble. I have coloured it in 2 different colours, blue and Christmas, though you do get the digi stamp of the image to colour in however you wish.
My personal opinion is that we worry too damned much. We push push push the kids to do things they aren't quite developmentally ready to do, we freak out when they pick their noses or they don't quite make it to the toilet, we spend too little time letting them explore and too much time standing over them making them practice perfect penmanship.
Of course, the targeting of particular strategic moments (revolutions, popular dissent, etc.) by these 'complexifiers' indicates a precise awareness of the stakes involved, as does a 'practical materialism' about careers / academic power structures / institutions etc. Hence 'monocausalism' is both accepted as a truth and distantiated or diavowed precisely on the 'material' basis of class/social position.
Whether it's yourself that you're not forgiving, or another person...someone is paying the price.
Recreating Social Security:
Saturday, May 5th
Hmmmm..and do you have sexual desires while riding your motorcycle?
It isnt just as scientifically easy as it sounds, like how I perceived listening to be paying attention to a piece of music.
Now, Im not talking about my relationship status at all. I am not writing this because Im single. That has nothing to do with why what she wrote is important to me right now. Remove the last few words though and it echoed perfectly to me.
Following the weeks blast of humor, this was a wind-down episode.
One thing about Cari, she was no quitter.
Ill stem the horror and put Rubys character on the fringe  I will make the character an isolated case. This character describes (maybe just in Zone of Proximity sort of way, sorry for the jargon) a variety of contemporary people that actually exist  criminals in Supermax prisons, detainees at government facilities like Guantnamo Bay, people inside situations that they can neither cope with nor flee from, people that are in situations where they are no longer protected by the fragile blanket of the law.
According to the application, the Druidstone Road site is owned by a Mr M Evans.
Quick post tonight to wish all the lovely mothers a very happy Mothers day and mum if you're reading "LOVE YOU!"
Unfortunately, while it is totally lacking in self-respect, it is full of self-esteem: that is to say, it believes itself entitled to a high standard of living, and other things, without any effort on its own part.
So, I am honestly asking my readers today (as I have in the past) What suggestions do you have, for things I can do to encourage more interaction on this blog?
But I have to believe as our professor, Kate Milberry, assured us today, there will be a plateau in that learning curve. We will find ourselves more capable of focusing on what were putting out there to build our personal and professional online personas, moving from Shirkys worry of too much focus on the technical to an emphasis on engaging our connections through these mediums.
Deeper and higher into that awe-inspiring slave place.
Beautifully described exploration of the natural and spiritual landscapes of Late Roman Britain.
Stains and dyes from plants, animals, soil and other materials were used to paint the masks, some of them being quite strange combinations such as blood, coal and urine mixed together.
The pedestrian that was struck and killed at the corner of Summit and Columbia Streets on March 31st this year is yet another sad reminder of the hazards of our main street. As all local residents know, Columbia Street is dangerous. There are a number of factors that make this so:
scanned the trail from her lofty perch and grimaced. She saw nothing in the distance but endless prairie; no more trees or hills. At the thought of sleeping out in the open, being easy prey for scavengers and in plain sight of possible marauding Indians, she shivered. And she certainly didnt want to
So Monday was the big appointment! This is what we had been waiting for the past 3 weeks to make a decision. Last week after talking to Dr. Warf in Boston, I called Dr. Tulipan's nurse, Melissa, and she advised me to keep this appointment with Dr. T to keep him in the loop and ask for his advice about how to proceed. I took a day off work, filled the van up with gas, and figured out how to transport Nate--this time with towels rolled up around his back so Clive doesn't press against his car seat. It's an almost 3 hour drive, and when we got there we got Nate a wheelchair and looked at the trains and got some lunch before heading up to clinic.
Luff Imbry was another invention who grew in the telling. He began as a supporting character in Black Brillion. After it came out, I got a nice review of my early books from Nick Gevers, Jack Vance aficionado and co-editor of Postscripts, and when I got in touch he said hed like to see a story from me. We talked about it a little and decided that Imbry had legs. I originally set out to be a crime writer, and only fell into writing science fantasy by accident (people kept telling me theyd buy novels or stories if I wrote them), and Imbry was an opportunity to create a real noir baddie. I think of him by the way, as much like Sydney Greenstreets character Kaspar Gutman in The Maltese Falcon, with a little Peter Ustinov stirred in.
And free mimosas for the mommies, lol!
are welcomed from any area, profession and/or
I became very aware of digital art in college. Then I fell off of it after graduating. When I was able to get the Adobe CS4 on my laptop (Creative Suite which has programs like Photoshop, InDesign & Dreamweaver in it, CS5 is already out w/ even MORE wicked tricks & applications) I started buggin out with it! Creating graphic art (creating art through digital means) & graphic design (laying out graphics through digital means, like ads) is full of possibilities. Its also quick (unlike traditional art) to work with, depending on the project. And even though drawing & painting are first for me & are the cornerstones of visual art, there is an endless range & array of visual effects you dont always get w/ traditional art. Its like magic using your computer! I have heard even the most professional digital artist say you can never learn all of Photoshop. Its that complex. Its waaaaaaaaaaay more than simply airbrushing celebrities for a magazine. Youd have to use it to understand
Lokomotiv Kuban, 9-9, 4th place in Russian Professional Basketball League (PBL) during regular season; awaiting 3rd-place best-of-three series in PBL Playoffs; qualified for Final Four of VTB League Playoffs
Ever since late 2009, weve been hearing stories and seeing Telegraph Group releases saying that its star curmudgeon Simon Heffer will be returning to a major new role, following his University sabbatical, during January 2011. January has come and gone  as has February  and still Heffer has no role. Now, I learn, he has extended his sabbatical.
So I finally managed to get rid of quite a lot of clothes that I'd been hanging on to for some strange reason (they'll never fit me again, even if I do lose weight!!)
But fighting all alone
Lew Lewis was a harmonica playing maniac from Canvey Island who became an early member of Eddie & The Hot Rods in 1973. He ultimately tried to make it with his own band, scuffling around before signing with Stiff Records, which released his only album, titled Save the Wail, in 1979. I saw him twice that summer of 79 and I can still picture him soaking his harmonicas in a pint glass and then flipping them wildly above his head as the band played ferociously behind him. He would spin around in mid song several times before sticking his hand out and pulling the harp out of the air to his mouth, quickly blowing some intense solos without missing a beat. He wasnt a great singer and his record label had a hard time marketing a young, white Chicago Blues style harmonica player. This was the era when New Wave bands ruled with skinny ties and Power Pops jingle reverberated all around the world. Lew disappeared for a while and in 1987 made some minor headlines when he was sentenced to seven years in prison for holding up a post office with a fake gun. Hes had a number of illness and addiction issues throughout the last 15 years, but recently was still trying to get a new band together. He mightve been just a bit player in the 19731985 U.K. music scene, but its people like Lew Lewis that add the unpredictable excitement that makes great rock music possible.
I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart
Today, I pulled a long hard haul. I have found that many clients are looking for small jobs right now, and that too is fine. I welcome all tasks, and take them on with pleasure.
Much longer bio: I'm a kindergarten drop-out who, excluding those six months of kindergarten, has never been to school. Instead, I grew up following my passions and figuring things out in my own time. In my late teens I became fascinated with the education (often referred to as unschooling) I'd grown up with, and started reading everything I could about unschooling and freedom-based education, going to unschooling
Vance Patterson (REP) 25.44% 1,102
With that whole build-up, its crazy that I wouldnt sample a plate of macarons after enjoying a beautiful lunch at the Champs-Elyse location and rhapsodize here about the flavors. But, you see, I havent even touched on Ladures pastries and cakes yet. For as wonderful as the macarons are, the desserts are really something to be savored.
No one gets, how much she wants to be free,
In my essay on King Kong (1933), I suggested that the giant apes obvious fakery made it frightening in an otherworldy sense, rather different than the effect won by photo-realistic models, such as those used for Jurassic Park (1993). To make King Kong scary requires deliberate suspension of disbelief on our part, because, while we are looking at an obvious fake, the heroine acts as though the monster is quite real.
~Get well
A little while later, there was, what turned out to be a watershed in our relationship. I had been keen to see a production of "A Christmas Carol" at the local theatre. I thought it would be a great Christmas treat and when I mentioned it to her she seemed interested so I enquired about tickets and had some set aside, though I didn't pay for them.
I remember getting the email from my friend, Dee asking if I could be the Guest Designer for August 2010 and of course I had to say YES. The only hitch was that I was in the midst of a cross country road trip vacation with the family. Once we got to the in-laws house in Indiana I made my Mother-in-Law take me to the nearest Archivers (I had never been to one) and I bought all this fun stuff for the card. Although I was limited in most supplies I still had a blast making this and I love the way it turned out.
My favorite photography destination is Tuscany. There are so many things to love about shooting there. Several of the key elements are the special quality of the light, the amazingly sensual forms of the landscape, the incredible colors, and the sense of space. Well, if we define photography as light on forms in space and color photography as that, plus color, then I think that just about sums it up.
What are you doing with your hair for your rehearsal/welcome party or your day-after brunch???
 Dietrich Bonhoeffer (1906-1945), Ethics (1949)
Wildwood is set in Transylvania (theres a useful glossary and pronunciation guide at the front for all the Transylvanian names and words). The girls live with their father in a castle called Piscul Dracului of dark, pointy spires and twisty passageways and tiny balconies, on the very edge of an immense forest which always makes me think of Robert Frosts lines The woods are lovely, dark and deep. Marilliers descriptions are exquisite. She conjures up magical images of the Dancing Glade, where the girls go each Full Moon to dance with the fey, of the fey themselves, of the forest, and even of the girls daily life. I found it so easy to picture it all.
He took his book and went to the solarium to read, it was part of their morning ritual. It wasnt the same now that she was gone. He missed the way her skin felt, how soft it was. Now her skin was ashen and leathery. Now she looked like death.
This inquiry has even begun to disturb those of our critics who have been at least partly responsible for what many see as a "witch-hunt".
As far as I'm concerned, the vest is cardigan-like enough to count as a sweater. So that puts my count at two completed (You may recall the Lore Hoodie as sweater number 1)! Woohoo
They can only be described as inflammatory in nature and we are obviously concerned that their distribution in Lancashire could damage community cohesion.
Then I stared working on Something Wrong. While doing that I have released a side project under my name with a Symphony Orchestra, made short films, designed clothes for an exhibition in Italy, more producing, etc, etc. I got my studio built up by always picking up one object on my travels. One guitar or keyboard.
RES Exam - SGD 230
The Adult Business Association (ABA) estimates the number of illegal sex services in the metropolitan area exceeds 400. "It's out of control," association spokesman Chris Seage said.
Is it 'right' to allow 16 yr old the possibility of winning so much?
Much to my dismay we found it wasn't treasure buried under the dirt, just a concrete slab, preventing us from planting flowers in ground here. I suppose the only upside to that is that the planting possibilites are endless now that i can actually dig there.
I had made myself a goal to complete at least 10 layouts, well I didn't make it. I got 7 completed. I think I visited just a little to much. So I just wanted to share with you what I got done. Enjoy!
The only way in is on foot: there are no roads, hotels or campsites within the horseshoe, only footpaths, hills, crags and the Esk River. If you want to get here by car you have to brave the Wrynose and Hardknott Passes, or take 12 miles of winding country lane from the South, or take a circuitous route around the Lake District itself to approach it from the West.
BUT She started sneaking him back into the suite. It lasted for a few days, but she stopped again when my friend/roommate Sarahs boss gave the Housing Dept a heads up that he was back.
This picture was taken last year...she is even more beautiful now at the age of five. So when I saw this paper line from My Mind's Eye, I knew I would use it on a layout about our Izzy.
Those who paint a bloody picture of Bahrain have the responsibility to listen to other voices too. There are business motives behind holding the race, but certainly it is a proclamation that it is safe to hold such an international event in Bahrain. It could certainly attract global attention and gave the outside world an opportunity to witness what is originally happening in Bahrain.
"Fucking hell."
Note from DM:
My lids are heavy
Here's our ShowCASe chosen from those inventive LIMettes who ventured a card for this tricky challenge.
In February, I was blogging about my 90 Day Experiment, in which I set a goal, and used it to learn more about myself. The result was that I knew I had to create a new website to reach more people.
Got a bail of hay this evening, placed it right next to the goat fence, that way the goats can eat it from inside and everyone else can eat it from the outside. Cleo is out eating it now. Had to go check to see why the water pump was running, when Randy drove his tractor out back to drop off the hay, he ran over the y and turned the hose on. It s been running for a couple of hours.
-Traditional Japanese dancing at the end!
Source: Microsoft
My diet is not doing so well. I have been doing all the wrong things again. But not discouraged today I am getting back on track. The weather here is finally getting warmer, so exercise in now possible. I hate trying to workout or walk when it is cold outside. We had snow last week! I am so glad Spring is finally making an appearance. It should be in the 80s by the weekend.
On the tweetspeak poetry blog a group of people led by Lyla Lindquist have just begun discussing L.L. Barkats book Rumors of Water. I bought this book about 6 months ago and have already read it twice, which should serve as recommendation enough since I rarely read books more than once unless I am studying them.
8-9: "Bodin asked if the commitments of the prince to the estates or to the people dissolve his sovereignty. He answered by referring to the case in which it becomes necessary to violate such commitments, to change laws or to suspend them entirely according to the requirements of a situation, a time, and a people. If in such cases the prince had to consult a senate or the people before he could act, he wold have to be prepared to let his subjects dispense with him. Bodin considered this an absurdity because, according to him, the estates were not masters over the laws; they in turn would have to permit their prince to dispense with them. Sovereignty would thus become a play between two parties: Sometimes the people and sometimes the prince would rule, and that would be contrary to all reason and law. Because the authority to suspend valid law -- be it in general or in a specific case -- is so much the actual mark of sovereignty, Bodin wanted to derive from this authority all other characteristics (declaring war and making peace, appointing civil servants, right of pardon, civil appeal, and so on)."
Does Forest City Ratner still plan to build a parking garage--a tough-to-defend terrorist target--under the proposed Brooklyn Arena, the keystone of the Atlantic Yards plan? If not, where would arena parking go? And will the state Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) consider security and terrorism issues when it produces a Draft Environmental Impact Statement (DEIS) for Atlantic Yards?
Arno Engelhardt: Synthesizer (Voodoo Dancer, Blueshouse)
Remember when I said Ilsa: The Wicked Warden was all about this woman trying to find her missing sister? Yeah, well, it's not about that at all. Okay, maybe it is about that (how the fuck should what things are about). But in my mind, what the film really about is one woman's epic struggle to obtain a clean culo. And besides Greta, who do you think is the one woman at Clinica Las Palomas in a position to demand a pristine culo? Why, it's 10, of course. And who do you suppose she wants to be her primary culo cleaner? You guessed it, she wants 41. Walking up to 41 in the shower, 10 tells her, "you turn me on," and instructs her to wash her back and to scrub her culo. As I watched the suds slowly trickle down the sharply defined contours of her sturdy back, I couldn't help but notice that her culo wasn't being scrubbed at all. An increasingly frustrated 10 catches wind of this as well and yells, "I told you to scrub my culo!"
We tend to assume our senses are accurate, but research has shown time and again that what we believe that we see, hear, taste, touch or smell can easily be primed by what we expect to experience. See Rachel Herz: The Scent of Desire. Much of what we sense seems to be what we imagine we sense. At the same time, we often ignore or dismiss as ordinary the sounds and sights we see every day, and we dont seem capable of perceiving most odors once weve been around them for a while.
LAST POST  SILENCE SEEMS TO SAY
Taking this mobile journalism class has given me a new view on blogging. Ive learned about new apps like Meporter, Banjo and geoloqi. Apps that matter in todays mobile journalism and are very important for a mobile journalist.
I used to ask my staff for their input on different issues. Some would stop by my office to share their thoughts and Id weigh their ideas before making a decision. However, time and again others who had chosen not to share their input would complain about how they were left out of the process. This was incredibly frustrating to me. I couldnt figure why they couldnt see that I had asked for their input. If they didnt respond, how was that my fault? Thankfully, over time I began to ask myself where I was making the mistake. Why did people feel I was not including them? I hit my head against a wall until I learned about processes to gather input openly such as Fist to Five. I learned that consensus building was not necessarily about everyone agreeing but that it allowed us to get to the point where we could gather enough support to move forward with a decision. More importantly, it allowed for an open sharing of ideas and opinions. When our staff sat together at a meeting and engaged in the Fist to Five process, everyone could see who supported a decision, and who had questions. This was a huge change from what happened before and an incredible learning experience for me.
It contains a gift in a jar, oven mitt, full cello bag, and a wooden spoon. What a great seller for a craft show. You could also add a bath & body assortment with a sponge and a gourmet kitchen food assortment. How about dinner in a bag? Such as spaghetti sauce, spaghetti noodles, garlic spread, and a spreader .
Such is Life I guess.
to accept you have a hulking
And some of the stuff doesn't even make sense. Take a look at this one, for example, a change that was added to the infamous "case law" section of the malt beverage sales part of the Code in 1996:
MEDIAS
Now, however, I had a mission to rouse me from my inertia. We would go to the office of our local wireless provider, we would wisely consider the sensible options priced within our budget, and then we would throw all prudence out the window and splurge on a new iPhone 4.
Im a watcher you see. I like to watch people and hear them out for a little bit before I decide to interject myself into their thought process. Some are worth it some arent. You know what Im talking about if youve ever argued or been in a conversation with someone who despite logic, reason, and wisdom refuse to concede their beliefs. The entire time youre talking to them you just know that its futile but you keep talking anyway. Well I choose to avoid that headache and make the assessment beforehand because out of the heart of man comes the wind to the flapping lips. Well when this guy sat down at my precinct last go around I had him pegged within just a few minutes, if not the moment I saw his oversized, overinflated, overpriced, over marketed, over the rainbow Mitt Romney badge. The thing was almost the size of his breast which in case you havent been following the dots was big. So let me Freud this guy down for you if youre so inclined to take the scenic route with me.
1 c cultured buttermilk (commercial or homemade)
And now I'll click publish!
This was no boat accident!
2.Write about a time in your life you were moved to tears. Sad tears, happy tears, your choice.
my love
Frustrating when you want to BE there to support, but also know that you don't want to cause extra effort/stress
A real human being will be with you soon
Getting my Magazines
If you can't tell, I'm dumping a ton of beers I've kept notes on into the blog, so I can track what I've had better. Most Rogue beers would deserve a more detailed post, but unfortunately this one doesn't so I don't feel too bad including it in the dump.
unclean
As for the movie, and as mentioned in McDermotts article, the camera was horrid. I never got a chance to look at the darn pin since somebody was messing around with the focus knob. Maybe the camera people were aiming for a mockumentary thing, but I just couldnt focus on anything, period. I felt as though the camera people were suffering from ADHD or in a drunken earthquake or something. You can read more on that in McDermotts article.
It is up to the government to decide if the individual is a terrorist or not even though there is no direct evidence against the individual. For example, a father and son had been convicted of terrorism charges and they were placed on the no-fly lists in the U.S. while they were both in Pakistan. They were striped from the American soil unless they agreed to talk to the FBI in Islamabad. The reports stated that there was no direct evidence linking the father and the son to any terrorism activities, but being convicted of being terrorists made them guilty enough to be separated and listed as dangerous (Fear and No-Fly Listing in Canada, Werbin, pg. 618).
ULTRAMAN: TOWARDS THE FUTURE debuts in America. This 13 episode mini-series was filmed entirely on location in Australia with an international cast.
Author: Elizabeth Chandler
George stared off into the woods and didnt say anything, but Rachel knew he was grateful for her compliment. Im happy here, Rachel, he finally said. I didnt think Id ever be happy again. Didnt think Id ever work again. Feel safe.
any ticks at all. Nor kisses, nor caresses.
Method for skin
Imaginarium designs
who they thought was weak and fragile to charge through the opposite line from the one
I have no excuse. It's not like I have a whirlwind, star-studded social life. I don't.
by Charles Hanson Towne
Urobuchi Gen wants to write stories that can warm peoples hearts But from I dont know when, I can no longer write works like this. I am full of hatred towards mens so-called happiness, and had to push the characters I poured my heart out to create into the abyss of tragedy
140g/5oz plain or dark chocolate (I used dark for even more of a chocolatey hit)
Now Ronnie comes in firing with punches and kicks. Ronnie is definitely fighting with a sense of urgency, and he goes in and picks him up again  then slams him Matt Hughes Style.
Loose Lips Sink Ships  Posted on April 13, 2012 by editor
These rules have helped me create success no matter what I endeavor to do. Theyre basic, but they work. It also helps to be clear about what your success should look like so that you can recognize and seize opportunities when they show up. Most importantly, have fun! Its sounds so trite, but it really is the key to it all. This business is highly competitive (and struggling, thanks to our economy), so its absolutely vital to love what you do.
With burnt sienna surprises
Consistently sound more polished
One of the most interesting things I've read is that Labour is planning some kind of scheme whereby you can invest in solar panels and only pay back what you save every month in bills. Makes sense considering few of us can afford the 6000-8000 it would cost to buy and install solar panels.
The main premise of neural diagonal thinking is to combine simultaneously and simulspaciously both lateral and hierarchical thinking through an understanding of both neuroanatomy and neurochemistry. Thus, we use the typology of nodes, architectures of directed graphs, causal links and chemical pathways as the building blocks for this direction into creativity magnification.
Elisabeth Sladen may no longer be with us, but her presence will always be felt. May she rest in peace, travelling the stars with her Doctor, Jon Pertwee and the Brigadier, Nicholas Courtney for all eternity.
Brauerei C. & A. Veltins GmbH & Co. Veltins Pilsner
It's constant guilt. Guilt for those 5 years you waited. Guilt that you went to school first. Guilt that you were 27 when you decided now was the time. Oh, how naive you were, that you thought you could control this. That you had your life planned out. You're guilty for your age, for the time you have waited between IVF. If only you did this last year, you would have had a baby now. Your eggs would have been one year younger. One year more awesome. It's the fact that you even talk about eggs. That's weird.
From year 118, we would go out to dinner on our anniversary, and usually Nassau came up somewhere in the conversation. Beaches, sun, snorkeling, relaxation. Ahhh  wed always end with the same word: someday.
So, throw some chocolate chips and cream in the slow cooker while you go sleigh riding and it will be hot and ready when you are done enjoying the outside! Just pour and drink to warm up!
If you are a cop and the lockbox code doesn't work and the so-called realtor's number has been disconnected, then your mind immediately conjures up images of Glengary Glen Ross and other illustrious con men. Fortunately, he could look through the windows of the house and see packages we'd had shipped ahead to our realtor, so that terrifying thought was fleeting. But half-hour later, we were no closer to getting the door open.
Today there are suitcases waiting to be unpacked and lots of laundry to follow once they are, but first, I think there might be some baking in my future. Believe it or not, we didn't overindulge on desserts on our trip, so no need to swear off treats here. I baked this chocolate bundt a few weeks before we left, and there's a good chance it'll be on the agenda again this weekend. The first cake was shared with my mom and her coworkers, the second will probably stay right here with us. This is a lightened up version of a traditional chocolate bundt - all of the butter has been replaced with vegetable oil, and some of the chocolate replaced with cocoa powder. It's still decadent (especially with the glaze), and definitely a good choice if you need a chocolate cake fix. I halved the recipe and made mine in a 6-cup bundt pan, the baking time was about 30 minutes. I loved the consistency and flavor of the coffee glaze too, though the instant espresso granules in mine didn't fully dissolve, which gave it a bit of a spotty appearance. The glaze would still be delicious without it, so I've noted the instant espresso as optional below.
Hope you enjoy the sketch. Post a link in the comment section of this post after you have made your page with this sketch so we can check out your work!!!
-i made my first christmas list in august.
My kids like it even better this way because its like a slushy!
I kissed her, and she spit in my eye.
2 large eggs, at room temperature
MOM: Now here are the rules: do not ask me for anything, do not poke the packages of meat in the butcher section, do not test the laws of physics and try to take out the bottom can in the pyramid shaped display, do not play baseball with oranges in the produce section, and most importantly, do not try to leave your brother at the store. Again.
I was a little curious how it was going to go with Bob, we didn't get along all that great when I worked there. Looking back, I am quite ready to take the blame for that. I suspect that as a brash youth, I was unable to recognize that we were very much alike and I probably should have known just to keep my mouth shut. Though much better now, that is something that I have had to work on for my entire career. Bob ended up retiring from Cal-Fire as a B.C. and still lives in town. We had a nice chat, it was good speaking with him. I wish him well.
2) Stainless steel or glassware for cooking
Phil Karlson spent the majority of his directing career overseeing B movies, and made a number of very classy crime and noir films throughout the 50s. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that he brought some of that dark moodiness and pessimism to Gunmans Walk, thematically, if not visually  although there is a sequence in the jail towards the end that has a look straight out of the classic film noir handbook. The emphasis on these fractured family relationships has a relentlessly downbeat tone that sets the movie a little apart from the usual genre pieces. Its been stated before that the classic westerns of the 50s were guided by the idea of redemption for the protagonists. It could be argued that this is achieved in some small measure by the end, but the traumatic nature of the developments leading up to this point suggest to me that it will be short-lived. The way I see it, the character of Lee is left so emotionally devastated by the end of the movie that hes essentially finished and washed up as a man. The final image does indicate that progress has been achieved, but only by reaching closure and burying the past and those associated with an outmoded way of life. As such, this is very much a bittersweet triumph; the next generation (Davy and his half-Sioux sweetheart) setting off to face the future and the final nail hammered into the coffin of the closing frontier.
Or long-hair'd page in crimson clad
In a Resolution dated July 2, 2002, Graft Investigation Officer I, Joseph L. Licudan, dismissed Borlongans complaint for lack of sufficient evidence to warrant a finding of probable cause against respondents, saying, inter alia, thus:
Then i thought that if these stain on my lips what would happen if you kissed a loved one? So i kissed Claire:
Krishnamurti: What do you mean by its being good for them? Is there not something else one can do to help? What can one do for another when that person is suffering? One can give sympathy and affection. Suppose that I am suffering because I love someone who does not love me in return, and that I happen to be your son. Your prayer will not relieve my suffering. What happens? You discuss the matter with me, but the pain still remains because I want that love. What do you want to do when you see someone suffer whom you love? You want to help; you want to take away the suffering from him. But you cannot, because that suffering is his prison. It is the prison that he himself has created, a prison that you cannot take away  but that does not mean that your attitude should be one of indifference.
4, Rape, especially with underage victim
Later that night he took me down the street to The Bunratty. That pub opened my callow brain to the wonders of traditional Irish music. Back in Wexford jigs and reels were nailed to the floor and drained of their vigor by very nice and proper musicians; in the wild North West of the Bronx traditional music was unhinged and unfettered, mad as the mist and snow.
My dear, I know that you are conscious of my love at all times. I am forever your adoring, Monty.
LA: I wish that I looked good in hats, but sadly I look horrible in them. I even look bad in most baseball caps. This is doubly tragic given that I shave my head and frequently need sun-protection. I have found one baseball cap that I don't look utterly goofy in, and that's it. But I did have a huge hat collection at one time, which included cowboy hats, a Trilby of the style worn by Inspector Clouseau, and, of course, a Deerstalker (though Holmes never actually wore one). But I've a question for you - before the Batman: The Animated series cartoon reconciled them into one person, which of the two Mad Hatter villains was your favorite - Jervis Tetch or the red haired "imposter" from the 1980s?
And so, for many years (not giving a lot of thought to Ravel or his Bolero) I disliked it.
In 1969, they were backing Jorge Ben, being featured on seminal albums "Fora Bruta", "Negro  Lindo" and "Tbua de Esmeralda".
I havent ran much lately since Ive been in my off-season and Ive been resting my knees, but I have done 2-3 miles a few time as well as some good cross training so Im not too worried. I did 2 different 3 mile runs this week, the 1st with a pace of 7:08 and the 2nd with a pace of 7:03. This isnt as fast as I would normally run 3 miles if I was in training(6:45-6:55 pace), but Im not in training so Im okay! Since I only have a week and a half until the race, Im not really going to set a goal time or pace(although Id like to have a pace under 7 minutes).
Mario Brothers on Nintendo DSi
The pattern I used for this quilt is High Seas by Lizzy House, from her 5 Magical Projects book (all using 1001 Peeps). I used a bunch of different fabrics when making it, including lots of Outfoxed (in the blue/coral colourway), Denyse Schmidt, various Kona Solids, and some Amy Butler. The pattern did call for a border, but I decided not to - I like the way the waves appear to continue off the sides of the quilt.
Do I look like a pot-washing, message-taking, adorable duck!? I'm getting a bit fed up of it now, it used to mildly amusing but the novelty factor has worn off. I keep hearing people tell me how incrediby stressed I must be, and that this is an awfully big project to take on alone. I'm not under enough hot water to be stressed. Yet.
- A few bites of Spinach Dip
George Warner represented the city of New York in the State Legislature for many terms. Sarah's brother George J. Warner, married Susan Nexsen (see the Henry Ford Museum quilt above, probably made for their daughter).
Q: How many Ateneans does it take to change a light bulb?
Escaping deeper into my breathing and concentrating on every breath I wondered what it would be like if I added sound to the breath. Around me the scene had a tone. Not being a musician I didnt know what the note, key or harmonic was. But in my exhales I matched the tone and the harmonic that I felt. IN a short period of time the tone I emitted was in complete harmony with the tone coming from the life around me.
I was pleasantly surprised in the end to see that the feathers did indeed show up on the front, almost as well as the white on white on the back. I had expected that they would really disappear as the thread color was so close to the fabric color. My friend really loved the feathers, she said they looked very graceful.... Whoo Hoo!!!
And we're going out, too. In about two hours she's taking me to see Dr. Poo for the results of my colonoscopy.
You should be able to buy the ingredients for all these cleaners at your local supermarket. Please note that washing soda is different to baking soda. Sometimes there are two types of washing soda on sale - washing soda crystals and washing soda powder, buy the powder, it's easier to dissolve.
How did we become Akumal Addicts? One morning in early Jan. 2005, after it had been snowing for a week and road closures were eminent, I decided I needed to get somewhere warm and welcoming. I had a photo of a condo on Half Moon Bay up on the 'frig that a friend had given to us at a Christmas party. After staring longingly at the photo, I started looking for a place to stay on HMB, not having any idea it was high season. Of course, nothing was available. One wonderful travel agent told me she had found a hotel room for us but told me to see if I could find a flight first. Oh, my. By the time I secured the flight and confirmed the hotel room, it was about 2:30 in the afternoon. We ran around throwing things in a couple of suitcases, jumped in the car and made the 3 1/2 hour drive up to Reno with white knuckles. Cars were spinning out all around us. We spent that night in Reno and flew out the next morning. We had our feet in the sand that afternoon. It was love at first sight! Half Moon Bay is an absolutely magical place.
That night Johan slept amongst his books,
When the first side starts to brown, flip to grill the other side. I know there are special baskets for grilling veggies but a long handle pair of kitchen tongs is my tool of choice. You can scoop quite a few spears up with the tongs and turn them over. (Sorry about the blurry pic).
...On a funnier note. I went to brunch this morning at The Top downtown and we were walking around afterwards and went into a couple stores. Now, I may be the only one that finds this hilarious but ...
Funny fact, I've actually had the first mate run away in this battle, which makes this boss fight even more of a joke than it is.
Onions (Potato onions, Shallots, Japanese bunching onions, Welsh onions)
in search of the sun
Hmmmmmthat reminds me of a couple of different conversations Ive had since being pregnant with your little sister. A neighbor told me that I just need to have faith about this pregnancy and during another conversation someone agreed with that point.
Now, in Florida, just today mind you, I have seen BOTH Panther AND Bear crossing signs. Gator Ive seen before, but Panther and Bear..? What kind of state is this that Panther and Bear are so plentiful and so normal that they have their own crossing signs? Granted, I saw neither of them today either, but really, do you WANT to see a Bear while driving a state highway? Im pretty sure not! If a Panther jumps in front of me, hed better hope there are lots more where he came from cause I aint slowing down! Mr Bear can just have my rig Ill teach him to drive it and Ill just walk, thank you!
After the fall, the horse got up and carried on running and jumping fences riderless. On review of the footage there is no evidence to suggest he was carrying any sort of injury at this point. This is corroborated by speed sensing data, which shows that the horse was travelling at the same speed both before and after the fall at Bechers.
Now though, Uncle Howard only came by once a week or so. Usually he would get off early and come play with Jack in the backyard before Pops came home from work, searching in the edge of the forest or at the back where the creek turns and runs down between the backyards of the houses, for whatever little prizes they could find, or relics, as they called them. But now he always had a reason to leave just before Pops would come in the door. Maybe once a month or so, Uncle Howard would bring a movie for the three of us to watch in the afternoon. Then when Pops would get home, we would all go out for dinner, but Uncle Howard always took his own car and usually they would end up mad about something, anything and he would leave to go home before we were done with dinner.
As I see and hear of parenting like this, I am struck by several things:
I seem to remember in the last David Tennant episode of Doctor Who, the Time Lords decided that it would be a great idea to end time itself.
Recent Developments 17
Jim Henson is the man who first got me interested in the movies and how they were made. His behind-the-scenes special on The Jim Henson Hour left a profound impact on me as a child. The work and trickery involved in bringing dreams to life is no easy task. When I read Tolkien, Lovecraft, Burroughs, Carroll, and MacDonald I imagine the worlds and creatures they fashion out of mere words. When I watch a fantasy movie I marvel at the dazzling images that teams of people had to work on tirelessly to create for the screen. Fantasy films can visually transport us through the looking-glass or wardrobe or whatever. By taking us to other worlds they can sometimes more easily point out the flaws of our own society because the audiences guard is down and they may be more receptive to the message if they are taught without, at first, realizing it. I further believe that even when fantasy is entirely and only for entertainment purposes it is not mere triviality. After all, there is something to be said of a breath of fresh air.
Those that done have much luck, well, one day when a negative mutation inflicts the human gene pool youll get your chance to try and prove us all wrong.
How am I blest in thus discovering thee !
Well, it totally does, right? Gaaah! I tried to do the stretched canvas approach, whereby I streched the fabric across the opening on the back and stapled it in place, and used the gimp trim to cover up the staples. Bad idea.
the same time every night.
tattered petticoat swooshing in circles
Le Pigonnet is a lovely restaurant if you're looking for something a little more formal and flash - we've only eaten here twice, but it gets our recommendation.
As I said, I have supper going in the crockpot. I'm making one of Michael's favorite meals: Crockpot Cheeseburgers with Sweet Potato Fries.
DUKE: Uh, you can call me Duke.
Even outside of Pauls epistles, we see the imagery of first fruits such as in James 1:18 and Revelation 14:4.
You see, I have this suspicion that they were less offended that Jesus said what he said than they were offended by who he said it to. You see, the Pharisees and Lawyers were famous for their strict attention to the details of the law, to the Letter of the Law. They were noted for their teaching that only through strict adherence to the Law was pleasing God possible. Here comes a man, a man in their books obviously beset by a world of guilt: Why else would he be paralyzed? Everyone back then knew that sin was always the cause of suffering. Here was a man justly suffering because of his sin and Jesus without batting an eye:
Brodie has been riding this same bike- with training wheels- since the moment he turned 3. We got it used so it had tons of miles on it, but that was cool with us. He loved it for a while and then the thrill of it waned for some reason. We didn't push it at all- it's not like Brodie was lacking in activities or anything. When he showed some interest again (at 4.5yr) we took him to ride 1 or maybe 2 times, without training wheels. That was Spring of 2011. Summer was too hot and when Fall hit, I think we took the time to try 1 more time. We could tell he was (kind of) getting it, but something seemed off (clue #1 or 2??). It wasn't until last month (February 2012) that he began asking to ride again. He was more determined this time, but we were having all kinds of trouble with the bike (screws were falling out, pedals were loose and uneven, etc.). Call it bad parenting if you want, but we thought he would be able to get the hang of it regardless of the somewhat broken bike. Sad. We took him out about 5 times and he could go a short distance without our help, but that was about it. I started feeling bad when, at one point, Kyle had to take the bike home to fix the pedal that had just fallen off as Brodie was riding. We finally bought new pedals for the bike and guess what??? Off he went- first try! It was a fun moment for sure and Brodie was thrilled, but I felt so bad at the same time. Why didn't we just take the time to figure out exactly what the bike needed and then make it happen....like 8 months ago? We were even considering buying a new bike. That would have been so silly and such a waste of money. I have so much to learn.
Last year, I read a very sad book while on vacation.
Write about your astrological sign.
He was given to understand that it was not.
It is VIOLENT. It is HARSH. No part of my vocabulary equates slow or prolonged into a crash scenario. Crash denotes speed. Crash denotes inevitability. No part of crash allows for a slowing down of anything. It only allows for the happening of it.
I still have a lot of other masks Im cycling through right now, but I cant wait to get started on one of the Yves Rocher ones. I need to stop hauling and do more reviewing!
Through body-based therapy, meditation, journal work, and much attention to my own moment-by-moment experience, I have found a better place for enough in my life. I now make it a daily practice around eating, sitting in meditation, and in my work to ask myself if this is enough. I have developed a couple of mantras that help, too.
(well, doing so seems a bit of an overkill to me, don't know...),
As a matter of fact, I lobbied quite hard, unsuccessfully as it turned out, to name Her Majesty after my favorite actress. This was perhaps all for the best, as H.M. has turned out to have exactly the right name after all.
A 3D Projection Mapping Claw Game done at Roosevelt Hotel, LA, California has not just succeeded in engaging hundreds of people but also made it to the Guinness Book of World Records as the worlds largest claw game ever!
well, sentiments aside, not so long ago i actually had a chance to visit a saudi girls' school graduation party.. and let me tell you it was something! since it's a girls school, males were not allowed and as it happens at all female only gatherings here, the lades didn't miss a chance to show off their...everything.. well, it was kinda weird.. some came wearing night gowns, others - jeans or beach dresses.. and of course lots of make-up and perfumes
These tips worked for me, and I hope will spark some new ideas and motivation for you! I look forward to hearing any of your sneaky nutrition tips and favorite snacks! Please, bring it to the table and share away!
Thanks so much for taking part in our challenge, we just love having you play with us.
RODRIGUEZ: Do you blame yourself?
Grace be to you and peace, from God: our Father, and The LORD Jesus Christ.
But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God; Hebrews 10:12 (KJV)
1-Standing in my Truth & Integrity
That's it!!
delicate layers of translucent petals woven together until they shown like metal.
"I wish you were more specific when you asked me."
Love and dreams torn to dust in nightmare
The inspiration:
I am a Certified Curly hair Specialist. Meaning I give curly girl hair cuts. How are these different than someone 'cutting curly hair'? I start with dry hair. You need to see the hair in it's natural state so you can see where the weight is. I also do not use a comb, but cut each individual curl. Yes, if you go to a curly girl specialist you probably will pay more. But my clients can go fro 2-6 months between cuts. That is how important a great cut is to curly hair!! You can also search her sight for a stylist near you who is certified.
New desk from World Market, campaign desk. We bought two, one for each side of the room. Lots of space to move the desk between sewing machine and laptop. Sewing supplies sorted in mason jars for easy finding. They won't stay on the desk, but will hopefully be housed in a future wall unit or china cabinet painted black. Researching/pinning ideas now!
First of all, on Monday, we had the Standards hearing which found Cabinet member Brian Coleman in breach of the code of conduct, on two counts of failing to show respect to residents, and indeed treating them in a way that the investigator described as 'personally offensive, abusive, demeaning, and designed to cause hurt and distress to the recipient'.
The roasted sea week is the item I was both most scared, and most interested to try. Lauren warned me in her letter that they were an acquired taste, but I was determined to try them! Theyre really not bad. I finally understand what contributes that flavor to sushi, as I never really attributed it to the sea weed before for some reason. Definitely not a snack I can eat a ton of at once, but it definitely is a nice alternative for a salty snack.
1 tbsp of dried basil
her way to assist the Embassy. She attended a breakfast hosted by the Ambassador for U/S Nick Burns who visited Canberra just days after the election. At our request, she agreed to meet a visiting member of the National Labor Relations Board, after prior entreaties by the board member's
Hathaway plays Andrea aka Andy Sachs, a graduate from Northwestern University, who somehow despite being totally wrong for the job  lands it. While we learn about the inner workings of the fashion industry, for Andy Sachs, she now finds herself right smack in the heart of what could be called the vipers nest, or the lions den, or even dead center in the middle of a maze where an entire rat pack moves continuously at high speed. Her boss is the titular Devil Who Wears Prada, or said out of her hearing  The Dragon Lady.
Nas (feat. Lauryn Hill) - If I Ruled The World
As I discovered on my trip to the UK last year, there are cogs and then there are other cogs.
Even though I am a God-fearing Christian, sadly,
7.Yoga encompasses the totality of the being in mind, body, and spirit. I work in mental health, and depending on the diagnosis, I will suggest the patient incorporates yoga into their treatment plan. What are some poses that you would suggest to help people in their daily lives to bring their focus on those three facets and to also decrease symptoms that are common to depression and anxiety disorders?
It was the main thoroughfare from the older settled portion of the state into South Georgia and Florida; and practically all traffic from and into Florida west of the Okefenokee Swamp, was over that road. It led from Jacksonville on the Ogeechee River in Telfair County, southwesterly through the then county of Irwin (but now Coffee, Irwin, Berrien) through the then county of Lowndes (but now Berrien, Cook and Brooks) into Thomas County and via Thomasville southwardly to the Florida line.
I could see a person standing in the corner and trying to hide his tears Ohh he was once my best friends; but a small misunderstanding made us part, and we both have strong enough ego to keep us disconnected. I went there.. And offered him my hand, Dear friend I just want to say sorry for everything, we are still best friends, please forgive me. No response from other side, what the hell?? He is still preserving his ego, I am saying sorry even then!!! I really dont care for such people.
* Elia Kazan, director of ON THE WATERFRONT and STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE: Turned over his friends and colleagues to the House Unamerican Activities committee. ("But he only named names that they already knew!")
Mind you, whilst the cake was in the oven, Nick went to Tesco and there was a huge mountain of the same kits, now reduced to 3. Sods law, as always !!
Little Hope is 78,000 words.
Was it wrong to show women in scanty swimwear, maybe
Then he gave us some TNT and we went crazy. However, we kept dying and he had to keep giving us more stuff so I told him to op us. He did and then all hell broke loose. We basically decimated the entire biome. Then Riley started a new project. He was placing TNT all over an entire mountain. Being the good kid that I am, I went to assist him. Tyler joined in andwell you can see for yourself.
She has settled in enough to approach me if I have a handful of Calf Manna. She let me scratch her head and jaw last night as she snarfed it up like a vacuum cleaner. Little Mama has a ways to go before we will consider breeding her and when the time comes, we will be looking for another bull. Our neighbor has loaned out their Angus bull and he was bred to another Holstein with sadly the same results. For now they have a Limousin bull over there and he looks like he could be a good cross for Betsy when she is ready. That's going to be a while off for now though. Maybe by then we will have a few more bovines around here to keep her company. Otherwise she is happy talking to their cows through the fence.
For toys strewn on the floor.
I almost drop my glasses at his whisper. It isnt unusual for a criminal to deny their crimes, but for some reason Mr. Davis looks genuine when he said that. I cough gently into my fist and shake my head slowly.
A way to escape,
The more wines I taste over the years, however, the less I want to drink Santa Margherita. In fact, over the past several years Ive boycotted all Pinot Grigio in favor of White Burgundy, Sancerre, Vouray, Falanghina and Verdicchio. (OK, so basically anything else.)
But, mostly, what I wanted to say is, thank you.
3 teaspoons black salt
Trainer: Tim Vaughan Breeder: Juddmonte Farms Jockey: Dougie Costello
His cancer spread much quicker than the doctors had anticipated and he deteriorated rapidly within just a few days. We knew he was suffering. And we couldn't bear to see him in pain. His furry brothers knew that his time was limited. They spent his last few days by his side, licking his face, rubbing against his body and keeping him company.
Hi. Im Chris. What do you care about?
Disappointed, I left for work. In the time it had taken me to get ready, the snowfall had actually increased quite a bit. Cambridge and then Robinson were nearly covered, with previous sets of car tracks appearing in progressively lighter shades of gray. Still, several tests of my brakes gave no indications of ice under the thin snow. I looked ahead and could see that Thompson, the big road that takes me all the way to Rogers, was completely clear. At that point, I did the only thing I could do: I turned around in the Walmart parking lot, drove back home, and called to inform my supervisor that I would not be coming in.
yes (+10)
In fact, for 11 years running the price of gold bullion has closed each year higher in price than it started the year. The recent weakness in gold bullion prices (more like a correction in an ongoing bull market) is a tremendous opportunity for smart investors.
The third level of disappointment arrived when Michelle McCools music blast throughout the area. Fans were instantly surprised at the sound of her music and were potentially delighted to witness the return of The Undertakers wifewho, to my knowledge, has made no uncertain remarks about a return to pro wrestling.
Bastianich recalls one night during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, when the gregarious Clinton loudly tells an off-color joke involving lesbians and Jerry Brown within earshot of journalists, even though Bastianich tries to warn him. The story goes viral the next day.
Wendy xxx
Should we fight the whole worlds battles?
hello~ it's day 1 of ACEN!
Grazing over plates of deep-fried shrimp, nacho chips and 2-bite brownies bares a rather vibrant red light to me! Bring appies and dishes to your friends potluck that you know you will feel good about eating. Definitely enjoy a few tasty treats while at the party but just remember tip #13!!
Spanners, Rangers, strides (oh my!)
Sandy M ~ Ooh La Frou Frou
In many cases, and particularly when you are already in the workforce, traditional classrooms are harder to attend. When there are additional obligations such as home and family, very often the adult student has no alternative for career advancement or added education since finding time for the classes isn't always easy to accomplish.
The 70 year-old Chinese man who hand-carved over 6,000 stairs up a mountain for his 80 year-old wife has passed away in the cave which has been the couples home for the last 50 years. Over 50 years ago, Liu Guojiang a 19 year-old boy, fell in love with a 29 year-old widowed mother named Xu Chaoqin.
our colons so tied in knots that we never thought we'd have a bowel movement again. Our systems had stopped working, jammed with the odor of copy machines, Wite-Out, the smell of bond paper, and the endless stress of pointless jobs done grudgingly to little applause. We had compulsions that made us confuse shopping with creativity, to take downers and assume that merely renting a video on a Saturday night was enough. But now that we live here in the desert, things are much, much better. The overprotestation of that final repetition and stress carry especial conscious irony, I'd say.
made separate somehow
And the fudge.
Slight splatterings of humour have always been evident in Spielbergs work, add three British comedy writers to the mix and The Adventures of Tintin has it in abundance. The movies wit is welcome and is crucial in keeping the narrative (which ebbs and flows) enthralling throughout. The antics of Captain Haddock and Thompson & Thomson are very entertaining, much to the credit of the actors behind them. Hardly suprising with Andy Serkis, the King of Mocap adding yet another CGI classic to his acting belt.
Dropped him off three minutes early, which the teachers apparently did not like. Wow. He showed me round and I left him in the sandpit, after happily being told to leave because he was fine, I stole a kiss and snook off, struggling to Adams with an empty pram, and Adam and a dog in tow.
For those who doesnt know about the several hundred blog post I lost since, it is a tough lesson but one I am more than ever prepared to practice. And so should you, everyone of you should take backup and data storage/recovery seriously. I mean, its a part of you, your identity, your mark on the world, your life, at stake. Joke aside, Ill probably set up something once everythings situated, and let you guys know what I find.
Look who thinks he just won the lottery.
Yet the article goes on to describe exasperated immigration officers pointing out members of vice syndicates handing over cash outside the NRD, as if they were thumbing their noses at the authorities, mocking and taunting them. Their hands, they say, are tied. They must, they say, approve the visas anyway.
time pensive;
The worlds elite sprinters cant run head to head any more. Heaven forbid that they lose  they may shrivel up and die! Elite sprinters can only show up and run against each other when ALL the conditions are perfect. Powell and Gay raced every week in 06 until Gay became elite. After that it was majors only in 07 & 08 and no races yet this year. Bolt and Gay ran against each other all the time in 05, 06 & 07. Bolt blew up in 08 and all we got in 09 was Berlin and were not scheduled to see them on the track again until August 27th of this year!
But it was there, in his touch, in his eyes, in the way he bowed his head as he said As you wish after she would ask him to do something for her. Jasper. She whispered into his ear, and led him off by the hand. No one noticed as they slipped out of the room. She brought him into the study, closing the door softly behind them.
After some painkillers and a glass of wine, I was feeling a little bit more human, and Im happy to report this morning that my biggest gripes are equipment related.
Not the spirit that ever lashes its own body to terror and death,
and then theres the untidy, usually ugly hedge between my place and the unit next door. This is the only time of year it looks OK, mostly it is rather ugly, full of dead growth and its very invasive, especially over areas where I hang my washing! But its yellow flowers are surprisingly pretty and I have a suspicion that a pair of singing honeyeaters nest there:
Breckenridge - Christmas Ale
Her mom looked at Lucy. What do you say to Natalie?
I've used a base of aqua card (it's SU, but I have no idea what it's called sorry!), layered with Very Vanilla and another piece of aqua that has been stamped with JustRite's Chevron Stripe Background stamp in Versamark ink. It's been a while since I've played with versamark, but I like the way it worked for this. The middle panel is another piece of vanilla - stamped with the roses from With Sympathy in Celadon Versacolor Ink. Across this is a darker piece of aqua bazzill, punched with Deco Fan and topped with white crochet lace (airbrushed with E53 Copic - because I don't have any ivory lace!). The feature panel is vanilla stamped with the frame and sentiment from With Sympathy and then coloured with BG72 and BG75 and cut out with Nested Oval Medallion Dies. I've framed this with dark aqua cut with Lacey Oval Nestabilities and popped it all up with X-press It High Tack Foam Tape. To finish I've made a flower using vanilla and Bitty Blossoms Shapeabilities (new toy! I can see I'm going to use this A LOT!) and a bit of greenery using Foliage Shapeabilities.
Women are constantly bombarded with images that represent a small percentage of the female population who are socially deemed perfect. These practically unattainable images (due to airbrushing and general photo editing) cranked out from the media send subliminal messages to try and convince women that they need to be concerned with enhancing their natural physical presentation.
Also, listen to Ryan Adams live from Das Haus Germany 17 Oct 2006. This live album is the prefect one to get lost in. Its my hidden gem of a show.
Our love of trying to market time reduces the potential alpha that a fund manager may be earning. In fact the investor behaviour handcuffs many fund managers.
So, New Years resolution? Not really because I plan on starting today! In this very moment! I've never been good at waiting!
Feds slam Texas factory over discrimination claims
However, there are steps taken by these restaurants to allow people globally to be more willing to accept their products. They have tried to use the cultural aspects that the country has on food, and incorporate them into their products.
Dr. Seuss
Since it is the time for all the wedding hoopla to take place I decided to have some fun with my Facebook status by posting the following  What is the name of your Royal Wedding Guest name? Start with Lord or LadyYour first name is the first name of your grandparents.Surname is the name of your first pet.The name of the street you grew up on with of.
SO you wanna burn the Koran UMMMM!
I have been muttering that all day! I still feel as if I am dreaming! I am numb somewhat. I am definitely in shock. You are probably wondering why. I'll tell you...no I'll shout it for all to hear! I WAS CHOSEN! CHOSEN FOR RANGER UNIVERSITY!!!! Wow...I can't believe I can actually say it! I tweeted last night that I felt like Sally Field after she won her Oscar. Wow, wow, wow....now maybe I will snap back to reality after screaming like that. Sorry if I hurt your ears! Thank you Ranger and thank you Tim!
Shery created WriteSparks!  a software that generates over 10 *million* Story Sparkers for Writers. Download WriteSparks! Lite for free - http://writesparks.com
When I first heard that Jenny was looking for a few good interns, I was -so- excited to finally get to see how real authors write their queries and communicate in the uber professional writing world.
Happy Tuesday. This week our challenge is just for fun. Thank you for your participation. We are working on some great challenges for the month of May. This week our challenge is for you to show us what you can do with Easel Cards. I love how these cards open up unlike the traditional fold cards. Can't wait to see what you do.
If anything, Obamas nuanced positioning on the war  wind it down gradually, but dont actually end it  is classic Obama. He took a similar approach to Iraq (although there he actually did get U.S. troops out). Bin Laden may be dead, but Obamas caution survives.
Love be, do know
Anyways, do forgive me for not perfecting the recipe first before posting it. I will definitely tweak it to get more of that lava flowing out of the cake. If you've never tried a lava cake then you have to make this recipe. I can't promise you won't get addicted though!
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
Before this came the Agrarian Age, the Industrial Age and the Information Age. People may quibble with little differences  smaller ages that I didnt mention or what came before the Agrarian Age, but make no mistake. Were no longer in the information age.
Which, judging by the myriad billboards along the highway, should have been way cooler. Instead it was mostly disgusting and run-down and just overall tired.
Other stuff: Lacy was a backup infielder for the Dodgers throughout the 1970s before becoming a role player with the Pirates in the '80s and then a starter later in his career with Pittsburgh and Baltimore.
This collection will teach you how to leverage screencasting for flipping your classroom, student creation, and differentiation. There are video guides, ePubs and PDF how-tos.
Shirt: Classic Tank-Blue Mouse- Illmatic
THE CENTRAL  MID LEVEL ESCALATOR
It is the Christian Sabbath, established in the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. As Lord of the Sabbath, He brought the beginning of new life for His people, and a day of celebration on the first day of the week.
I Love You Always Forever Donna Lewis
Richard Prince
Once the plunge attachment was fixed to the wood it was just a case of fitting it back on the router and then fitting a sanding drum, I got a set with 5 different sized sanding drums, at the moment I'm using the largest, but as there are different sizes I have a fair bit of choice as to what I can do with the sander / router in terms of shaping wood.
At first we thought it had to do with him being two years old. Then when it continued, we thought it had to do with Elsa's arrival and his emotional reaction to no longer being the baby of the house. So we hugged and kissed him more and really made an effort to spend one-on-one time with him.
I need dresses! I never had many, they are too expensive and I always thought  you cant wear a dress as often as you can separate bottom and top pieces which you combine to create different looks, so I never wanted to spend so much money on dresses. But I do love them! And now, that I can make them exactly how I want them, I want to have several!
3 Wrecking Ball
2 cups powdered sugar
The registration page can be found here but beware that the photo on the page is not of Austin. I can only upload one thats smaller than 50KB and I dont have a file so small! Silly, but you already know how cute he is:
Hubs had ordered the sea bass for his dinner, grilled in cooking style. This 10 oz. piece of fish looked much bigger than we both imagined (and it warmed up great the next day for the two of us to split I might add). It doesnt look like the classically grilled piece of fish we both imagined. We believe it was cooked in their infra-red broiler like their steaks. Despite this dish being bland in presentation color (that was due to the side items hubs selected), the fish wasnt even close to being bland in flavor. It was cooked perfectly and had such moisture locked in the slightly crunch crust. It was a really great piece of fish, leaving us both wondering when the last time was that we had fish that great. He had also ordered it Oscar style. The subtle sweetness of the lump crab was great with the creamy richness of the hollandaise. The best bite included the fish, crab, risotto and hollandaise. His two sides were a potato au gratin (will explain later) and a Parmesan risotto. The risotto was a little too creamy for me (I know, its cheese risotto) and monotone in flavor. But hubs really enjoyed it and thought I was crazy for thinking that. I personally think I just wasnt in the mood for risotto, because the next day it tasted pretty good as leftovers.
In 1909 Conde Nast founded Vogue saying he was creating the magazine as a lure for advertisers. This was seen as a new way of thinking about magazine advertising. Now magazine advertising is changing again because of the internet.
I cannot hear the motor when the drone
If your ad copy and graphics have interested your prospects, they want to know, What do I do next? By Toss Em Out, I mean tell your prospects how to proceed. A call-to-action is a brief final persuasive statement that tells the reader what to do next to inquire about or purchase your products or services. Make it directive versus merely informative. A strategically placed phrase, such as Call today to schedule a visit will make your telephone ring far more than a statement in your ad copy that says We welcome you to stop by.
Dear baby girl, while I enjoy watching you grow day by day, please slow down, if only for a little while. I love those baby giggles, and those baby smiles. I'd like to hold on to them, if even just for a little bit longer. You and your brother bring me such joy, I'm so glad you picked me for your mama.
Peoples Organic might be new in town, but its no stranger to gluten-free foods. Owner Lynn Gordon previously founded French Meadow Bakery, a certified-organic bakery known for its line of gluten-free breads (in addition to vegan, yeast-free and kosher breads). At this Galleria caf, any of the sandwiches, along with the wraps, can be served on gluten-free bread or in a gluten-free tortilla upon request. The Rachel ($9.95) is made with natural, oven-roasted turkey, Swiss cheese and sauerkraut, with Thousand Island dressing.
The Americana Festival is huge, with two live music arenas, one for Rock and Roll and the other for country music. There were big trucks, Winnebagos and classic cars everywhere. There was an exhibition shed full of Harley Davidson bikes.
Given was one of the first booths i encountered when i walked in to the show. The colors and Layout of the booth immediately drew me in(Red and Black are my favorite color combination). So i ventured over to see what this company was all about. Needless to say i was pleasantly surprised. It is a wonderful blend of Tequila and Lime Juice. So its a liqueur used for mixing but also can be enjoyed alone. Here's a little background on Given.....
1. From simple to elaborate centerpieces  Orchids add a beautiful touch for any occasion. Here are some examples
Mad Meg Farmhouse Provision Ale (Draught)
And many more Decorations, found only in myth
Check out this card...it's covered in several different colors and textures. Super fun and a great way to use up those scraps that you just can't bring yourself to throw away. :)
Getting the Environment into Business!
Hastings (John Heffernan) & Tony Lumpkin (David Fynn)
Call me when my life shall fail me,
Two more chocolates and I'll have eaten the whole box of chocolate Daniel gave me.
For the meek shall possess it in perpetual peace, and nothing shall be taken from their rights, when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality (1 Cor. 15:53), that their danger may turn into reward, and what was a burden become an honour.
My card features a paper from the Cool Escapes digi paper pack and a beautiful daisy image from Bee Loved. I LOVE this set! Oh, oh... and I just ordered a couple of other stamp sets from My Time Made Easy that will be here any day now. I am soooo excited. I didn't really have the money, but I just couldn't resist any longer! LOL!! So now I hope I make bonus for this quarter because my "bets will be called soon."
Cool the cake in the pan for 15 minutes, then unmold onto a rack to cool.
If so, spill! :)
13. Combine with canned tuna to make tuna salad
A night of excitement with the two hottest men on the planet? Yeah, baby! Yet Kazs inborn ability to read auras tells her something isnt right. Its obvious Seth and Luke are madly in love, but subtle clues in Lukes aura signal hes up to something. Shes not sure what, but if she doesnt do something quick, the two men shes quickly come to adore will wind up without the happily ever after they both deserve.
Basically, the problem with Thing 2 - and one that I saw coming a mile away - is that it has a little too much in common with Thing 1. I knew the plot of Thing 2 before I even saw it: people find the thing, they realize the thing is alive, the thing starts to kill, they realize the thing can replicate humans, they stop trusting each other, they die, the survivors fight the thing, they think they kill it but obviously they don't really because this is a prequel. DUH. And yup, that's pretty much what happens. No surprises, and nothing all that new is introduced to enhance the story.
23. Wife
Poverty, economic condition in which people lack sufficient income to obtain certain minimal levels of health services, food, housing, clothing, and education generally recognized as necessary to ensure an adequate standard of living. What is considered adequate, however, depends on the average standard of living in a particular society. People without access to education or health services should be considered poor even if they have adequate food. One of the main sources of poverty is lack of educational opportunity.
So, I see this book becoming almost interactive when paired with the LIVE scenario of a facebook group!
mary coyle
Id seen how many other writers had handled sex scenes and often cringed. I feared and expected that same response to my own efforts. I may be able to fuck you on top of a car in a National Park but I cant write about throbbing members or moist folds of the flower without giggling. Even if you cant hear me giggling you can read it between the lines.
over and over thinking, no way can it be that easy but it was. The only problem I had was trying to protect my floors from all the spray adhesive. I need to square it up in the morning, attach the binding then make a label and call it done. The downstairs is covered in minky fuzz, lots of dusting, vacuuming and mopping will be going on after I enjoy my free day. I feel like a kid who just found out they are having a snow day off from school!!
Now Drake, with the revulsion of a father with daughters of his own, knows what Roger Balfour must have said, the only thing that could have caused events to turn out as they did. I can prove it, he says, now.
Although I don't always get this part right either, not criticizing other mothers who choose differently than I do is something I try to practice all the time. How can we quiet the harsh judgments of each other's parenting choices? We can replace them with thoughtful observations or questions that will help us grow and learn and be supportive of each other.
"Who do I write for? Volunteers. People who are in the artworld because of art."
V5 is another of Lukes summary statements: So the churches were strengthened in the faith, and they increased in numbers daily. Daily, incremental growth  numerically, spiritually  defines the early church.
Teaching requires a strategy, it requires a model for learning, and it requires thoughtful and planned out instruction. Though education students acquire information, ideas, skills, values, and ways of thinking. As teachers, we help students acquire this bulk of information through models of learning. We engage them in cognitive and social tasks that we gain from understanding models and strategies of not teaching but learning. The ultimate goal of an educator is to create powerful learners and that is achieved through the use of effective models of teaching. Models of teaching are better described as learning environments and its through effective creation and development of learning environments that classrooms can flourish in academic and social achievement.
After an interesting journey around Cardiff's one-way system we arrived at the Motorpoint Arena to be greeted by the sounds of Spector who were... bloody awful. I'd heard their song Chevy Thunder a few times on the radio and quite liked its sub-Vaccines energy, but as a live band they were embarrassingly poor, a bunch of indie pub-singers. We took the opportunity to buy some ridiculously overpriced Cokes and hot dogs, before heading back into the arena to watch The Horrors who were... infinitely better.
Me: "Okay then, I guess we must leave it at that."
Journal of the Neurological Sciences  Volume 265, Issue 1 , Pages 78-83, 15 February 2008  Our results seem to demonstrate that MSCs represent a good chance for stem cell cell-based therapy in ALS and that intraspinal injection of MSCs is safe also in the long term. A new phase 1 study is carried out to verify these data in a larger number of patients.
Well, today I received the following comment on a piece I posted last week about the growing income inequality in this country and my profound disgust with the GOPs continued and repeated refrain that increased taxes on the rich is tantamount to class warfare and punishing success. The reader was, apparently, quite perturbed by what she (and I say she because the name seems female but Im not really sure and calling someone it is just wrong) perceived as my advocacy that everyone should be paid equally regardless of actual value and that life is supposed to be fair. Not exactly sure how she devined that out of my piece, primarily because Im pretty certain that I pointed out examples like Kobe Bryant and Steve Jobs who more than deserve every penny of compensation theyve received and then some.
Dunlaws eyes settled on his wedding picture still mounted on the wall above his television.
and defeated
The Foreign Office expects the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh to submit themselves to an average of only two incoming state visits a year, so why was it thought necessary to honour Zuma in this way? It is not as though South African leaders have been strangers to Buckingham Palace in recent years.
Oct 18  Pops  Sauget, IL (W/Cobra Starship)
Needless to say when I came back I practically had to rebuild my car and the two of them had taken photos of themselves on my camera to further piss on my authority. Regardez:
My goal would be to establish a community-sponsored dog run, said Dan Cain, 33, of Astoria, who is leading the latest charge to renovate the run.
"New?"
When I came to the US, and started my job in the New York area I was faced with long driving distances. I never minded that, I love to drive. It relaxes me, and I had the opportunity to do this outside of regular hours, so traffic jams were not something that really bothered me. I didnt mind living quite a distance away from my work, I preferred it. It gave me time to unwind when driving home, and time to get in the working mood and wake up in the early morning.
Get your whole family between the ages of nine and eighteen to vote? Get a whole family's worth of chances to win! And yes, if you already voted, that counts - just leave a comment.
1 yam, cut in pieces
Hello All, yes shock horror a card from me, I cant believe it has been 6 weeks since I last made a card! wow how life has changed. My beautiful baby girl does not believe is sleeping for more than 15 min at a time, unless she is being held!! so at the moment my production has dramatically decreased and my spending increased, as I seem to spend a lot of time watching create and craft, and just cant resist.
This has been a fantastic week at Clear and Simple Stamps. Two days ago, we released a TON of new product! Today the fun continues as I share more projects using our newly released stamps.
They even let me take some cake home for my other half - how nice is that?!
It had to be tangerine shoes this week in recognition of my town's football team making their premiership bid next week. Blackpool Football Club and thousands of Blackpool fans will be making the trip to Wembley next weekend.
One area of my life I do want to improve is my social life. Because there were so many occasions before I started Baclofen where my drinking got me into trouble I started to avoid some social situations. I stuck to just meeting good friends for drinks as they would make sure I got home ok if I drunk too much.
However, I did hit upon one idea amongst my failures and madness; it came in a short sentence titled:
Hardware: Stampin' Up
Elsewhere, it's no more a typical Jason Statham movie than The Bank Job. All of the action scenes are plain to see in the trailer. This is a slow-burning serial killer piece with more in common with Dirty Harry than The Transporter. Certainly, Aiden Gillen's villainous 'Blitz' has much in common with Dirty Harry's Scorpio; the rockstar swagger, the smugness and complete lunacy. Even the game he plays is the same, getting himself brutalised by the police so he can turn himself into the victim. Unfortunately, Sergeant Brant is no Harry Callahan and Jason Statham is no Clint Eastwood. The Stath is one of my favourite modern action heroes, but Blitz is simply the wrong showcase for his talents.
Ladybugs/Lady beetles are frequent house guests. Their numbers are down from three years ago. Instead of hundreds, we see maybe a few dozen congregate beetles twice a year.
So heres the deal, I will post at least two blogs every week on Sunday and Thursday, more if I have the time, energy, inspiration or outrage. Two blogs a week on Domingo y Jueves. No matter what. The beginning will be bumpy, I will forget or remember and still not do it, but once I get into the hang of it, I will stick with it.
start spreading the news...I want to be a part of it...New York New York
But guess what, that particular weekend which I had had 'plan' to get my passport settled pretty much fucked up. What made me really pissed was having to get up so early on a weekend - which is so not me to go for a taxi ride (home - Immigration - home) for nothing but being told that their system was currently down for some sort of upgrading! Yeah right.
Hope you discover some "secrets" this week.
Here is my gorgeous boy ;____; He's SO perfect.
Onto this weeks challenge, which is a color combo, of Black & White. Please keep in mind that all challenges are optional. Any Christmas/Winter/Holiday is perfectly acceptable. The idea is to help you get your cards done ahead of time, and save you some stress, at the end of the year. Also, it is not necessary to use a SCRS stamp on your card, but we sure love it when you do!
1) Don't procrastinate.
as life flies out of us
1. Combine all dry ingredients in a medium bowl, mix well.
they'll all be gone
My sweet hubby and adorable son are hunting in Texas right now - Jared shot a turkey Saturday and Sunday (yes, it's legal, he can shoot up to 4); here they are:
2 g vanilla extract
Die-cut and image: Cricut Imagine with Craft Room Basics and Imagine More Cartridge (The large panel is a weld of a rectangle, circle, and top note cut)
More than one disk or pattern may be entered at the prompt. Here are
No looking back as WE board the plane
You may be convinced. You may be ready to get your organization on the Cluetrain,[4] and improve your social media use through listening and measuring. But is your organization ready for this? We consider this in the next section.
Has anyone else hit this wall? Whats the solution, save all my files to disc, reformat and load Windows XP on it? If so how difficult is that to do?? And is Windows NT still supported? or will I just get tons of viruses as all the remaining virus loop-holes remain un-fixed?
The morning after Jesse and Michelle arrived we started the Christmas holiday season with some very sad news...my sister-inlaw Irma had passed away on the 21 Dec.
I love the oatmeal aroma. Pure stunning. Held up incredibly well after a years worth of aging. Loads of chocolate and cream and oatmeal and rye on aroma. Some coffee too. Taste is oatmeal; cream, chocolate, good bitterness, stunning blending, balanced soo well, really great beer.
The heart is what makes us human. Compassion, love, tenderness, empathy, apathy, sincerity, kindness, and a bunch of other adjectives are correlated with the heart. So, truly, even if it sounds cheesy, to ask another person how their heart is doing is absolutely beautiful. I can only imagine how careful we would be about answering such a loaded question, unless you are asking a person who just had a heart attack, to which (s)he could honestly respond with what brought them to the point of a broken heart.
See how much the wood has separated? The tip of the corners have stayed pretty tight but that's due to the screws I used there.
that perspiring humans get
Okay, so its not particularly robust data scientifically, but it does lead me to take the claim that Hofstede is a more prominent figure than any anthropologist with a small grain of salt.
Until then . . . well, this gets us one step closer.
I did this entire process... times 8 chairs and making a video....
Victorian Elegance Theme Wedding: For anyone craving the romance of a bygone era, a Victorian theme wedding may be right for you. Rich colors and sumptuous lace, roses and cupids are all components that can be incorporated into your wedding decorations. The deep colors (burgundies, reds, mauves, dark blues and purples) and rich fabrics like velvet and lace are all well-suited for a fall or winter wedding. Keeping with the theme would be a high-necked gown with a full, layered skirt, lace-up boots and top hats and tails. Another spin on the Victorian theme would be a Victorian Christmas wedding.
Here are some other hairstyles that I've pinned..
Here is the trailer:
1. Count your blessings
I would just like to say that the standard was astonishingly high, and there really wasn't a single picture that didn't deserve a fabulous prize so WELL DONE to EVERYONE who entered, you should be incredibly proud of yourselves!!!
As a fund raiser for Spring Fling participants were asked to make a figure to fit into a certain sized frame. These are being auctioned during the exhibition. This is mine. Honestly thank heavens I don't have to frame things very often, got me in a right tizzy trying to do that neatly.
Puget Sound Completes Public Offering Of $250 Million 25
Each is as despicable as the other.
Wednesday- Estimation- this week a child brought in Starbursts to estimate
Bertie sighed. All right then. He limped over to the black tom and dutifully scraped the top of his head with raspy tongue. "I am so, so glad you are not dead, Reg...inald."
Even though I know He doesnt always intervene with miracles, resurrecting in the places we grieve, its somehow helpful to know He isnt ignoring us either. Jesus isnt cold-hearted, looking down stone-faced and unmoved by our sorrow.
Trust me on this one.
grass of the endless between
I dip all my eggs in Ghirardelli chocolate that I buy in disk shapes that I find at my local candy supply store.
Question: How do you view the Orthodox presence in America in terms of these apocalyptic things? What is the apocalyptic significance of Orthodoxy in America?
Houston: -5.9%
This match took place slightly more than a year after the historical 1994 Elections in South Africa, and the mood among most whites during that time was rather gloomy. (Nothing has changed much since then!) The question on most peoples minds were, --- should we stay or should we leave? Obviously, I was also feeling a little depressed and uncertain about my future in my home country, but when the Springboks defeated the All Blacks 15-12, a rather close call, I couldnt wait to get back home to my friends and family. Although I was far away in Canada at the time, among strangers we didnt even know who Mandela was, the 1995 victory boosted my pride in my country and my people. I can recall flying back home about three days later, feeling optimistic that everything was going to work out just fine.
Speaking of that certain couple, another of oldest and dearest friends is Julie Corman Baggett. I've known Julie since before I was old enough to remember. There is a picture of the two of us around age 5 or 6 in little red leotards getting ready to preform in "Oklahoma." We were friends all through high school and lost touch a little while we were in college, but reconnected when I moved to Birmingham to do my internship. When I moved back for good, we basically just picked up where we left off. Our husbands are big golfing buddies now and I even knew she was getting engaged before she did! (We did good Nick!) Anyway, I consider her as close to a sister as one can be. They came over to help us move into the new house (on her birthday....now that's a good friend!) and we told them that we were expecting. They were so shocked and I'll never forget the look on Julie's face when I told her my due date. Fast forward 2 weeks and they came over for Memorial Day to each lunch with us. We are sitting at the table eating lunch when Nick dropped the bomb that they too were expecting a little Baggett Baby! I wish there had been a video of my reaction...not only to that news, but to the news that we are DUE ON THE SAME DAY!!!! I mean, what are the chances?!?!? I am so excited to have someone to share this crazy journey and to talk to when there are crazy things going on with my body that husbands just don't understand. This is where my jealousy comes from....because they already have a picture! :) But seriously, I'm so excited to have our babies at the same time so they can grow up together and be best little friends!!
Geri Galian - His Piano And The Caballeros
If I were you, say something like this if it's something you feel comfortable with, "Sure, I'd love for you to review it, but as of now, I'm only providing ecopies. I would like if you could please post your review on Goodreads, Amazon, Barnes and Nobles" (where ever your book is at). If it's no where yet, i would hold off a bit.
My basic recipe (from memory):
Cardio: My original schedule called for 5 miles, but due to the runs earlier in the week, I decided to change it to 2-3 miles, with no stopping
Today, almost three years to the date that my sister first ran 13.1, we went for an eight mile run that celebrated everything running is to us. No agenda; just run because we can, because we love it, because it is a blessing and a prayer. And really, when it is your birthday, dont you want to do what you love the most?!
W and I had a good chat. It felt better. I tried to feel what I was really feeling and felt that it was worth the sacrifice of being shit scared of flying just to be there when F gets married. She is just booking tickets now. I continue to shit myself. If I dont have a brain aneurism or stomach ulcer already, I think I will have by the time exams are finished and its time for the wedding.
feasts. He had to slow things down a bit and would intersperse his
Well, yesterday she flew through her eye exam, doing things she hadn't done before. You see before she couldn't see in 3D. Yesterday though, no problem. Before her eyes were crossed. Not yesterday, not.at.ALL. And before her vision was 20/40. Yesterday she tested at 20/25. Wow! What a difference a few months make!
Yes, web usage has grown. Yes, social media is an interesting and important social phenomenon. Yes, DVR's have become commonplace. But with all the new media and all the new technology no one expected TV viewership to behave as it has.
A. Brief Bio-Intro
There was still one more Sugarcubes album to be made according to their contract. Recording commenced in May of 1991 in a studio in Woodstock, New York. Bjrk tried to get her electric ideas across, to little avail. The recording process was a tiring chore and after the album was finished, Bjrk decided to quit the band. However, she agreed to do a few promotional tours beforehand. Stick Around For Joy came out in February 1992 and included still more happy pop, with one of the songs, Hit, sailing to #17 on the English chart, matching Mezzoforte's chart success of 1983.
A seeker in California has been communicating to me about two (2) years back, requesting for protective tools. He claimed to be mentored by a Light Master of sorts. To my shock, the Light Master he speaks of is no Master but a group of degraded or demonic Felines located in the astral plane, using him as their puppet channeler.
And full of spite and greed.
Regret keeps building, why didnt he have her stay?
She noticed some rabbit droppings on the porch and in a very serious little 5 year old voice, she said,
A few months went by and I was having a blast painting my furniture. But I got intimidated by all the talent out there and decided I wasn't ready to be a vendor. I was just going to go and shop the event, put a few faces to the names I'd met online.
6. Does Song of Songs 7:10 describe your marriage? Do you want it to?
"Oh, yes," the jury foreman replied:
Block unwanted calls on your Android phone with this app  In response to a readers question, Jack Wallen recommends a free app he likes for blocking calls on his Android smartphone.
For example, writing in first person means that your story is limited by their point of view. If the character could not possibly have seen it, it cannot exist in the narrative.
Roy: So who gets it?
Just wanted to remind you NOT to miss the FNM this Friday! Why is it so important that you dont miss it? Well, you get the Restoration Angel promo this Friday. I dont believe you want to miss out on that!
one of my favorite country artists is eric church. i think he has such a sexy voice and all of his songs are about having a good time and getting into a little trouble. his look is a little different then all those other country crooners, but his talent and voice rise far above the competition.
Santorum would represent a culture war. If you arent Christian and well decide who is and isnt, then you are anti  American.
HE WAS TOUGH BUT FAIR.
Moving on from that question, my next topic of discussion is substitute English teachers, that arent actual English teachers. When it comes to substitute teachers, why is it that they always give you one that isnt apart of that subject? No matter whether its English, history, music or maths, they never seem to give you the teacher for that actual subject.
My first card is one I did for a challenge at Joans Gardens, a wonderful website, check it out if you have time!! She carries great products and will order for you what you need if you want,if she does not have it in stock !! Great lady.
If the kids run out of places to play outside, they can always play inside, like in the kitchen sink for an impromptu bath...(we won't go into the things that went into her stomach to warrant needing this bath). I like having a separate living room that I can keep nice and clean for guests, while the kids have a playroom to watch movies and destroy without me worrying so much.
And now I'm the sad and lonely one, lonely, lonely
Yet-
BOQ announces a reduction in home loan rates by 0.35%, keeping 0.15% of the RBA reduction, from May 11.
I had the pleasure, during much of July and August, of witnessing the coming-of-age of a pair of young cardinals. They're siblings, and often squabbled, as sibs will do. But they're just as cute as cute can be. Evidence follows.
She stepped outside the door and said goodbye to the escorts. She started down the sidewalk, when she met the anti-abortion protester who had hounded her into the clinic. She handed Tori another pamphlet. Tori was taken aback, but said thank you. As she walked away, she noticed the title: Post-Abortion Healing.
This figure includes 53 percent of self-identified liberal Democrats and 67 percent of moderate or conservative Democrats, even though it emerged as a symbol of the post-Sept. 11 national security policies of President George W. Bush, which many liberals bitterly opposed, noted
1 egg ( lightly beaten )
Austen is still recovering from hunting over the weekend.Too much time in the cold..his asthma is in full swing.Yet he is grateful. You know,he says with a grin, I'll take this kinda sick over a migraine any day. At least I can still function. Cody is swollen, bruised and bloody (it's soccer season).
Ah! but those tears are pearl which thy love sheds,
when General Agwai was not given
But for today, for this weekend, transitory happiness was found in these yellow split peas.
At work I had the craziest project. There were seventeen power-point projects created by a team of people that after they were generated someone pointed out that maybe they should all be on the same template. Cart before horse, anyone? So step one was picking a template that was easy to manipulate with our logo and a few other details. Step two was to get everyone to agree said template was good enough (amazingly, one round of emails with no dessent). It took two days to migrate the modified template into each of the documents and then change some spacing issues in each one. DONE.... whew
This is one of my couture designs. Would love to make that one.
The trouble is, it's possible to fall so in love with NLP that it shifts from being the new idea to being a mantra. It can, if you're not careful, become the new box. This is why I give a recommendation which some people find strange:
First, make sure your dough is at room temperature (get it out of the fridge 1hr be4). Punch the dough down with your hands to release the air  although mine hadnt really risen all that much, to be honest  then knead again quickly. Work out how many buns you want (I did 7) and divide the dough into that many bits, rolling them into balls.
Orange +250
The trust said it accepted that his religious references, used as a committed Christian, had not caused offence.
We need to close the circle to understand the role of the high-powered individuals in charge of this policy.
I also have to say Catherine Cookson, although to tell you the truth, I havent read even one of her books. Hmm? How does that work? Well, a whole series of adaptations of her books were made by British producers ITV, many of which have become some of my favourite British historical dramas. The writing in all of them is so layered, and I never saw the character arc reveals coming. Favorites from those: The Girl (with Jonathan Cake), The Gambling Man (with Robson Greene) and The Fifteen Streets (with Sean Bean.)
Another example of this may be found in how they treat some passages in the Catechism of the Council of Trent. Here's what a leading neo-geo has to say about it:
Drug trafficking between the Midlands to Aberdeen has become one of the most lucrative criminal trade routes in Britain.
And, what was I supposed to do? Pull a Chris Farley and shout lay off me, Im starving across the restaurant? Of course not. Being adverse to any public scenes, I put up with the humiliation as I have several times before. My small, impotent protest was a reduction in tip.
I am also excited by the fact that Mr Hotness himself, David Beckham will be coming down under with LA Galaxy to play against Melbourne Victory in November! I'll be first in line for tickets to that game!
Anyway, here's a link to my little report, tabulating and cogitating on what I've measured.
For too long the government has been protective of one sector or segment of the population and has deliberately criminalized another sector that it perceives and conceives is against them. Guyana does not have a prefix in front of it. Guyana is for all Guyanese and there must be a genuine display of sincerity, development and growth of all the people and not a selected few. Pretending there is not a problem is worse than confronting the situation head on. There is both hypocrisy and inequality in the society and the time is now to resolve these issues.
Perhaps you, like Saul of Tarsus, were led out of legalistic religion into a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
Matthew 9:24 says: He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed Him to scorn.
In June 2004 while Conservative leader Michael Howard was campaigning against immigration to win the General Election, he was an investor in communications firm Incepta. A subsidiary company Citigate Lloyd Northover won two Home Office contracts to develop Websites and communications technology to speed up applications from immigrants to enter the UK.
What is Gestational Diabetes?
Each time I dig up past seasons clothes, it's an all over again discovery, the pleasure to find back some old and cherished somewhat forgotten acquaintances like my Etoile and H&M knits, the basic and useful Zara mid-season trench and the "I-completely-had-forgotten-I-owned-that-thing" items.
I dont eat me spinach and Im not a man. But I am what I am. And Im glad Ive done what Ive done. I took a long time to think about it. I took four years from the time I finally decided to do something about the dysphoria pushing me around all my life, until The Op. Four years trying to make sure that what I thought I wantedto be a straight girl basically, and anatomically correct as far as the state of the art was capable of fashioning mewas what I really did want. Thats as much of an answer as I have to the question how do I know? Listen, listen, listen deep inside, pay attention to what you find, ask yourself again why you want what you are after. Try really hard not to shy away from the answers that resolve from the inky black of your Magic 8 Ball.
Kylie Galen wants the truth so badly she can taste it. The truth about who her real family is, the truth about which boy shes meant to be withand the truth about what her emerging powers mean. But shes about to discover that some secrets can change your life foreverand not always for the better.
(NB: I haven't yet read Krauss's interview, though I will.)
Im inclined to see the National partys plan to work-test sole parents as a good thing. Weve been told a number of times that National has comprehensive policies prepared, and that it will release them during the election campaign. We know its not really a matter of money  after all, the policy will only save the government about $20million each year, so Im guessing that the point of the policy is one about the value of working and supporting yourself and your dependents. Im going to assume that given that the policy is about ideas rather than the money, National has some comprehensive policies that will need to be in place to make this particular policy work.
Obama insisted that he signed the bill simply to keep funding for the troops. It was a continuation of the dishonest treatment of the issue by the White House since the law first came to light. As discussed earlier, the White House told citizens that the president would not sign the NDAA because of the provision. That spin ended after sponsor Senator Carl Levin (Democrat, Michigan) went to the floor and disclosed that it was the White House and insisted that there be no exception for citizens in the indefinite detention provision."
X. Emplary
I really love the way they look though best of all they were virtually free!
More than a dozen men, including a doctor, a man who claimed to work for the Brooklyn Diocese and a guard at a high-end security firm, were hauled before a judge Monday to face charges they patronized a sex-trafficking ring run by cab drivers.
Siskinds most recent album Novel was released in 2011 and features her powerful voice while utilizing traditional instruments, including her beloved Gibson, as well as salt canisters, dry rice, and oatmeal boxes as a percussion section. She made a snare out of a storage box with sheets of paper taped to the top. Swept away by the muse, Sarah would continue to record the rest of the songs this way, finishing it with just one microphone, several guitars (including her beloved Gibson, Larry), and found sounds from her home back in Nashville. Sarah engineered, tracked and produced Novel with no boundaries, no one else in the room, on her own.
And red mutant eyes gaze down on Hunger City
On a different evening, another young woman stood outside a different Wal-mart. I noticed her because her baby looked like my son those fat little legs trying to stand, tiny hands grasping the edge of the cart like a captain on a sinking ship, it reminded me of those days back then, how hard it was. This was just a passing thought, and then I was onto the next thing.
The scary part came on Monday. At the release event. When I had to stand up and explain XX in 5 minutes without heistation, deviation or repetition. As I got to my feet I sent a glass smashing to the floor. At least it got the attention of the various hacks and freeloaders, sorry, invited guests. I hope I didn't confuse them too much with my tale of Pale Mild, Burton and the code of X's.
As it was Saturday night, when I got home there was nowhere I could get my camera, so I put him in a container of of rice and hoped for the best.
* 1 egg
When I was in Paris on the Left Bank for several days, my sister and I stayed at a pension where at the doorstep, there was a neighbourhood morning market with an abundance of freshly baked bread, fruits and vegetables. Of course, we went to the famous Dutch cheese market at Gouda, in the Netherlands, where costumed teams of 2 cheese-bearers hauled around large orange cheese rounds on cradle flats hung from their shoulder straps.
Enjoy this addition of pleasant ideas to your Monday! (Free of charge, too.)
Hello everyone! (I'm not actually sure who, if anyone, is reading this ha!) It's been a while since I've posted much of anything other than book reviews, and I apologize! Lots has been going on, and it just became too overwhelming to add another "to-do" into our already busy life.
The end of a vacation is always so bitter sweet. Sure, Im glad that my cats not dead and seems to remember that Im the guy that feeds him. Its also nice to be back in my own bed, where my pillow smells like my old gym socks and my wife and I know exactly how to angle the fan for a refreshingly pure and blissful sleep. But that last day of vacation, when Im back home and unpacking has that awful feeling that Sundays always had when I was a kid.
your expandability. Once all your current crops are out of season, you wont be stuck with almost nowhere to put the new crops. A vegetable garden is ideal for someone who wants some produce, but doesnt want to devote every waking hour to perfecting their garden (see below.)
The path of these thoughts before, as I plod
Having completed and fully annotated Ehrmans new book Did Jesus Exist? The Historical Argument for Jesus of Nazareth (Harper 2012), I can officially say it is filled with factual errors, logical fallacies, and badly worded arguments. Moreover, it completely fails at its one explicit task: to effectively critique the arguments for Jesus being a mythical person. Lousy with errors and failing even at the one useful thing it could have done, this is not a book I can recommend.
For every print edition of T magazine, they ask an artist, photographer, set designer, landscape designer, etc, to customise their logo, with amazing and really varied results. The first one below is their most recent and Ive put in some other favourites of mine; you can see a great overview of them here.
As everyone who has met him can attest to, he is absolutely fearless. Alone in Patty and Pascals Cincinnati backyard with five Bernese Mountain dogs piling on top of him, he never cowered, never whined and indeed set about to attack each one systematically. And of the dozen or so laps hes ridden in on our daisy chain to Maine, he slept sweetly and soundly.
For the first time, this year we hung some live cedar garland around our door, and I love it:) Here's a little front porch tour....
How shall I list them and wish for my children to ever fulfill them for me?
This includes books like Twilight, as far as I'm concerned. If you've read it, sure, talk about the weak prose, the recycled ideas and the creepy relationship. If you haven't read it, you are basically talking out of your ass. How do you know that you'll concur with the opinion of others? It might become your favourite book ever.
Bags of homemade pierogi dumplings ($8 for 16 pieces) will cover you for your next dinner party, available with potato and cheese, meat or cabbage and mushroom fillings. You can also pick up boxes of bigos hunter's stew ($8), golabki cabbage rolls ($8 for three) and flaki tripe soup ($9), generous with beef tripe, carrot and marjoram - all homemade by Hanna Luczak. Krokiet ($6 for 3) are deep-fried croquettes filled with minced meat and vermicelli noodles that make an easy, reheatable snack.
Photos Credit : Satya Sarada Kandula : All Rights Reserved
Dwight Waldo (born September 28, 1913) was an American political scientist. He made a great impact in modern public administration. His most influential work was The Administrative State which was published in 1948. He was the vice-president (1976-77), then later, president (1977-78) of the National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration. His other professional leadership positions have included the vice presidency of the American Political Science Association (1961-62), editor-in-chief of the Public Administration Review (1966-77), and the vice presidency of the American Society for Public Administration (1985-86).
I don't know about you, but I'm really tired of this "roller coaster" Christianity. You know what I mean, up one day and down the next...one step forward and two steps back - all based on your circumstances and how you FEEL. Thank goodness God is the same yesterday, today and forever, cause His people are all over the place...and unfortunately, I speak from experience.
I think this is another way to view the statment I was considering in a previous post: "There is nothing as whole as a broken heart."
Who do you think we should vote?
For the people where I live, it's a recipe for disaster.
Although a comic novel theres a darkness beneath it especially with menacing figures like Carl, how much of this came from your own experience of school days and the adolescent jungle? I went to secondary school in the 1990s, which though it wasnt that long ago chronologically feels, from this vantage, almost prehistoric. So many interesting things have happened since then  the internet, the war on terror, mobile phones, X-Factor  and I wanted to write about those things. For all their supposed privilege, I think in some ways the kids in Skippy have a harder time than my generation did. Their world is so much more mediated, the forces of capitalism have a much tighter stranglehold on them so they have even more impossible expectations to try and fail to live up to. Compared to now, my time in school was quite benign. Certainly, it was a jungle, and there were large, terrifying creatures with BO lurking around every corner. But if you were fast, you could outrun them. How can you outrun Facebook?
Yet, they are teaching it in the Brazilian preschools (not just my daughters, but also other preschools, Ive learned). I get it. It has a happy, catchy, melody, but that is, essentially, the joke.
I have been a novice homebrewer for about 2 years now. It's something that started out as a fun way to make lots of good beer, cheap. But it has tunred into a passion. I absolutely love beer. Beer is good. Beer is my friend. And I would love to go into business with my friend beer.
When he left you so abruptly the day after Christmas and after 2 months of cohabitation, that is when your alter ego returnedfor about a week. Then you surfaced again, and have been hellbent on realizing YOUR dream at the expense of all othersand you want us to tell you that what you are doing is okay. As friends, we cannotbut as an audience, we are more than willing to sit back and watch this crap blow up in your face.
This image may seem simple at first, but the shot-from-below angle adds a great deal of drama and intensity, as it should, as this was a huge re-launch for the JLA. Up to this point, the book had meandered for more than a decade, featuring whatever haphazard cast of characters were free at the moment. Agent Liberty? Why not! Ice Maiden? Cmon over! That girl that was on that team in the eighties? Remember her? What the heck! This was a new beginning. Superman. Wonder Woman. Batman. Green Lantern. Aquaman. The Flash. Martian Manhunter. No more. No less. THIS is what the League should be. (Too bad creators forget that all too often.) Youll have to forgive Supermans long, 90s, grunge hair which looks less mullet-y here than it did at other times.
COINCIDENCES: Gregg Arakis Splendor & this movie were watched within a week, and both had people going to the hotel room 333 (half of 666!).
Be sure to stop by SNS Digi Blog Design Team for more inspiration!
You see, that's the way with the Faerie River. It comes and goes as it choosess, answering to no-one and obeying no master or mistress. My personal theory is that it's the primeval memory of the landscape, periodically recreating the days when Husborne Crawley was on the sea bed. It makes me feel very small and yet blessed, somehow.
Not theologically useful  thats saying the Bible is not theologically useful. And is it any surprise that the very next paragraph has this to say:
Or how the seasons changed
I will keep on writing more as soon as I find some time, now I have to get ready to catch my plane to Tokyo.
However, if the increase in monthly fees to cover additional investment is spread among all consumers (a by-product of the Net Neutrality argument), the results reflect a negative impact on the Hispanic community.
Things that make me go ughhhh.
Like other Axillary Hyperhidrosis sufferers, the embarrassment of excessive armpit sweating reduces your confidence to a miserable level. Whilst my natural character may be confident and outgoing, when approaching social engagements with soaking wet armpits, shame takes over, controlling my body language and making me look like someone who does not want to engage.
A big problem was that this beer was the only one served in the restaurants and bars at the resort (besides Budweiser and I wasn't about to drink an American beer while on vacation in another country).
*High in antioxidants  destroy free-radicals that cause cancer
Ruby on Rails Developers are the core asset of Satisnet Technologies. We appreciate their professionalism and expertise in years of working experience with us. Our experts will dedicatedly work to develop Ruby on Rails application of any complexity in the short period of time, will suggest various solutions for making it much better with specific programming and finally test it.
Enjoy your handmade holidays and dont stress!
I have this weird phobia of red lipstick, yet I can't stop collecting them. I always feel overdressed if I wear a red during the day, so I reserve them for fancy night time dinners and outings. Unfortunately those fancy night time dinners and outings rarely happen, and I realised that my Chanel Dragon Rouge Allure Laque was just going to waste.
(crosstalk) And thats what happened when I went
Blame and Rachel Alexandra are also retired. Its a shame that race horse careers are so brief. Just when we grow attached, theyre gone.
When you mention how handsome he looks wearing a specific shirt, youre taking a more personal approach and giving a meaningful compliment. Not to mention, complimenting him in clothes you like him wearing is a great way to get him to toss the ones you dont.
Cosmic Fever
Bastard onions. I don't even care for onions that much.
Kenna. Maybe we should skip the paragraph about Kenna. She's two and a half. All we do is first time obedience. It's hard to do without laughing at her, and she knows it. She tries to get us to laugh now which makes it even harder to be serious. Bundle of joy and wonder--she is so caring and loving. One of her new favorite things to do is "give a present." She takes her owl blankie, wraps up a little board book she has, like a present. And says, "would you like to open it with me?" Then we both have to open it together and we both say, "Wooowww" with a very surprised face. She wants to do this over and over for about 20 minutes. Then she gets tired of it for about 5 minutes, and then we start again. I'm enjoying all her playacting...it forces me to be more creative with her and to really engage myself. Her other new favorite thing is for me to put her hair into pigtail braids. I did this one night after bath and she was so excited...now that's the only way she wants you to do her hair! I have many pictures, and maybe in the next 2 weeks I'll post some. (Just being real, this is my life. Sorry!)
HDMI cable is used for broadcasting the high definition video and audio stream on the multimedia devices. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is also used as an alternative to the old analog standard broadcasts. The interface of these cables is mostly used with the digital video and audio devices, which include the gaming consoles like Xbox 360 and PS3.
"You're sixteen!?"
Miami Beach, FL 33139-2916
(Looks awful doesn't it, but it was a great trek and very accessible, we saw one lady walking her dog)
1 pint
They gave me hope and courage to imagine and work for a better future. I was determined to follow what they had mentioned and not to follow the crowd. This included to see our stay, court-ordered that it was, as an opportunity to create better things. And also not to engage in nonsense.
all that matters is that i know i tried my best and if that isnt good enough for some people, then theyre just missing out.
Tuesday we came back to Norway after some shopping and sightseeing. I think Grant got back without having to go to Milan this time, and Rich and I had an uneventful flight except for a whining child that had the MOST annoying voice I have EVER heard. The kid was about two years old and a bit too old to act the way he was, but his mother completely ignored him and he whined and whined and WHINED in this wierdly timbered voice that sounded like buzzing bees and nails on chalkboards all at once, until you could see everyone sitting near him shifting in discomfort. The plane landed and we all buggered off but FAST, just to get away from that horrible kid. Usually I feel sorry for moms having to travel with testy kids, but this mom did not give a crap and just ignored the little bugger....which sort of exacerbated the problem.
Kamisama Mou Sukoshi
Dr Helen E Lees, Research fellow, School of Education, Stirling University.
(Sounds fun, tho', doesn't it?)
Woah. That's a headrush.
by that name
Using these special UV-resistant blue pigments in a high quality Midas 240 acrylic, our blues will last exceptionally well, said Midas Earthcote Marketing Director, Simon Fraser. Collaborating with ICC on the complexities of colour means we are able to produce better quality products and many technically unique colour solutions for the industry.
7. Black
2-3 Chikoos/Sapota/Sapodilla (cut into small bite-size pieces)
Least likely to: Work for the Icelandic Tourist Board.
JKNYJB5PEFQM
--I found a pair of leggings that can actually be worn as pants (with the appropriate length shirt). Not that cheap kind you get at Target that when you push your hand up against the fabric, you can see your hand through the leggings. Thank you, H&M, for getting this right.
-11PM Rhett Miller. Damn fine show....and my new girlfriend Susan Tedeschi sings with him. I think she was looking at me.
I thought of this question because of the little ticket In Grip We Trust use as their calling card that came in each box. It reminded me of the ticket I got when I was a little girl going to the Fox Theatre in St. Louis with my grandparents. This theatre is the most beautiful theatre I have yet to see in my life. There may be a couple in New York or London that can rival it, but there can't be many in the Western world. If you have a chance in your life to see this, you should.
Since I intend to promote this to my Facebook friends, there are some rules and disclaimers I have to post:
As I ponder these questions, fashionistas who have mastered the art of conservative dressing are welcome to weigh in.
Owen Dudley Edwards told the audience they could direct their questions to one or more of the candidates specifically, but that all of the panel could give an answer if they wished: any non-directed question would go to the whole panel, and he would direct the order of replies.
Flash-forward numerous hours of frantically left clicking and chain chugging portions, the game ends with you slaying Diablo (at least his sprite undergoes a death animation) and players are treated to a 70 second FMV clip showing the hero taking Diablos spirit stone and painfully slamming it into their head. The hangover that followed must have been truly agonizing
Prep. time: 7 minutes
Whilst in film mode, I watched Dogville (on DVD) again, one of my favourite films. Quite a depressing view of human nature, but brilliantly written, and I love the way its filmed almost like a stage play.
No, baby, it's not like that. I'm not abandoning you. We're committed, you and I. And I don't walk away from these things lightly. But, I gotta admit, I've strayed, and I've strayed hard.
I still use my daisy dishware every day. Not only is it lovely, the set is a reminder of everything that I have gone through to get where I am. An actual physical token of my journey from Japan, to Canada, and back to Florida. I love dining on memories.
He gave me food and somewhere to sleep
He continues to win our admiration, while evoking some poignancy as well.
Pete Holmes  drums
The Administrative Courts will no longer be competent for litigation related with IP rights. Any possible disputes related with medicines of reference and generics will become compulsorily subject to arbitration. Apparently, not even the civil Courts or the commercial Courts will be handling any patent enforcement matters related with medicines of reference and generics.
The big problem is that my wonderful husband is an avid carnivore and I need to be able to continue to at least cook with chicken. My proposed compromise on this issue is that I am going to attempt to change the source of the chicken meat. Living, as I do, in a country where I don't speak very much of the language, certainly not enough to engage in any meaningful debate about the whys and wherefores of the origin of any meat with any shop vendor, this is not going to be easy. However, my plan is to try to get my meat from the traditional markets. They have live chickens at the market and they will kill them for you on the spot. Although this may not sound like much of a compromise to some people out there, trust me if you had read the description that I had of how chickens are slaughtered on masse, you might change your mind.
Barry O'Brien adds;
The thing is, if Najib is truly innocent and the French court has no evidence whatsoever  as his underlings are desperately spreading down the corridors of Putrajaya  why didnt Najib announce to the world that he is sending a lawyer to clarify the matter? Why didnt the Malaysian premier make a public declaration that he is innocent and the truth will be made clear in the French trial?
For forty more I fed on favours past,
Even though House Speaker John A. Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor havent been keen on the idea in the past, Virginia Republican Scott Rigell and a bipartisan group of lawmakers urged them Wednesday to advance legislation suspending members pay if Congress doesnt pass a budget on time.
To that I'd say several things:
Strapping me smart
I had a bag of Soy Curls and some red lentils in my cabinet just waiting for a good use. And girl was this ever a good use! The curry-spiced lentil and Soy Curl mash, served over brown rice, just melted in my mouth. I put the stuff in the Crock Pot at night, went to sleep, and woke to the heavenly smell of an Indian restaurant.
As for today, I tried so hard to control the tears as another first came around, Amelie's prep orientation.
20th:   (Nal-a-ra Peng-gwin/Fly, Penguin, 2009)
But the problem goes deeper. While processed sugars may produce a brief emotional high, several lines of evidence indicate that they affect our biology in ways that promote depression. For example, rates of depression in a country rise in lockstep with per capita sugar consumption. Sugars  which are found in all sorts of processed foods we dont typically think of as sweet  promote obesity, and obesity is a very powerful risk factor for the later development of depression.
Thanks to Cecilia Chen for point me to this art and community mapping activity.
The DOJ has stepped into a business it doesnt understand at all, and it is tilting the outcome against those who are trying to play by the rules.
My gut responses:
9. Nicola Fasano Featuring Kat Deluna - "Tonite"
That will be your car, Kat announced. But before you go . . .
And simply sit
See, when politicians leave this earth, their bodies lie in state, while thousands note their passing, and proclaim that they were great.
Release Date : 25 July 2008
Fill Light (70-80)
*NOTE: This budget is for shopping/food/gas only, or expense that I can control fully. Im not including fixed expenses (mortgage, utilities, medical bills) because theyre fixed and honestly pretty boring to talk about. My TOTAL spending is not reflected in this budget. Food & Dining = Eating Out + Groceries *
25ml Cointreau (I've also used Grand Marnier, no one said anything)
We better get that gold off of Jakes and bury it,we cant carry all that with us,we come back later and get it. We each took a large handful of gold coins and tied them in our scarves.That should keep us going till we get back We buried the bags in a deep crack in the rocks and covered it over with sand and smaller rocks. I poured the remaining water into the billy can for Jakes. It was as hot as if it had jsut come off a flaming fire. I untied him ,removed the saddle and threw it over the cliff. Jakes just stood there an drank the water ,he seemed reluctant to go anywhere. Hes sure to bolt soon as the shooting starts Milligan assured me.
Billy Collins
Bhansali was very impressed by the music they had created for the Atul Kulkarni and Sonali Kulkarni-starrer Natrang.
I've got nothing to say,
So tonight I wanted to make him something packed with veggies and good stuff, something he will like and eat, and also will be good for him.
The sealife is swimming into a new season. With summer (hopefully) right around the corner, the sea creatures are filling up the art room.
Hey everyone! Sorry about the unannounced absence from my blog last week - we had Christmas with different family members from Wednesday until Monday. It was a busy week! I hope everyone had a wonderful time with family and friends. Our first Christmas with Jack was wonderful (he wasn't so into the gifts and food, but he was definitely fun to snuggle). Emma was adorable opening everything in sight (whether it was for her or not....) and Bran and I had a great time just getting to hang out.
Here's the progress I've made with Mary Konior's "Asters" edging. At one point I got so frustrated with the modifications I made to turn the corner, plus I found that I had miscounted a couple of rings, that I discarded what I had done and started over. I'm pretty happy with what I've got now.
Bad Madison :)
IDs of 2.5 million dead Americans abused annually, new study shows  Dead or alive, your identity is always at risk: New data shows that fraudsters use the Social Security numbers and other personal data of more than 2 million deceased people in the U.S. annually in order to get credit card and cell phone services each year under phony names.
A) Earth
Jen says: After Suede and Blur, theyre probably my favourite band. Crazy For You was virtually perfect; languid, summery and incessantly catchy. I also love the new single, which progresses their old sound without losing any of the warmth or charm. Theyre contemporary canon for any self-respecting surf-pop/alt-pop fan.
Things continue to be stressful at Christis job, and seem to be getting more so. I dont think she can do this. Its very sad and very disturbing. Thats all Im going to say at this point, other than, all prayers to rectify this situation would be greatly appreciated. We thought this was the right decision. Unless something changes drastically very soon, it would appear we were very wrong.
Starting Monday November 7th through November 20th, SAS4Kids is thrilled to be partnering with Paper Creations Ink for a CARD DRIVE for our kids! Here at SAS4Kids and at PCI, the themes of our challenges are "Holiday Wishes for Kids", and we are asking all who participate in the challenges to please mail your holiday cards to SAS4Kids to cheer a child who is inpatient in a Children's Hospital over the holidays. You can enter your children's holiday card at both blogs for twice as many chances to win a great prize from our sponsors! Then please mail it (and other other cards you have that are appropriate for children in a hospital) to any of our addresses listed here.
Speaking of stars, I am friends with Vin Diesel, at least on Facebook I am... He posts regularly, and always lets his FB friends know how grateful he is to be in the place he is currently at status wise. I have always admired Vin, he seems to be a man of integrity, something I value highly in my world.
The only drawback is that your nails take quite a while to dry, even with the drying drops. This took me a while to get used to, having switched from Seche Vite which dries almost instantaneously. And also, the base coat bonds pretty strongly to your nail, so no picking at your polish! I made that mistake, and ended up with some peeling.
She is so lovely and a beautiful princess.
An organized group of Texans known as Ringers have rallied behind Jurkis in support of the paper protectors abolition. The decades-old group opposes the disposable bacteria borders on the grounds that they fail to keep buttocks free of disease and rim streaks. Ringers can be spotted daily in downtown Dallas with a full-blown personal toilet seat either under their arm or slung across their back with a length of rope or chain. Ringer veteran, William Terdzik insists You gotta carry your own seat. Its the only way to protect yourself from all the skanky glutes parkin their funk everywhere they go. Until a proper seat cover is invented, you might as well be sharing your underwear with a thousand of your closest neighbors. The concept has been a natural evolution since the early nineties when the movements earliest pioneers would line the toilet seats of Texaco gas stations with their flannel shirts to avert germs. Needless to say, the results werent always as hygienic as intended and led to a fair share of flushed plaid.
& The Poetry School.
Hey. Have you bought the Christmas album yet from Ross "talks about himself in the 3rd person" King? Well, you should.
The Internists claimed it would indeed be a bitter pill to swallow.
watching this snow for another year
There I am, standing in a sea of 9  16 year olds (something I havent done since schooldays!). Theres a buzz in the room as the crowd wait impatiently for the celebrated author to arrive. As I gaze around me Im struck at how little girls have really changed since I were a lass. Theres the same self conscious behaviour, the same brittle confidence, the same embarrassment at parents.
Okay, aside from feeling a tad bit jealous that you are pulling in $4000 a month just from ads, I am wowed at your level of energy. I have half the children you do and a quarter of your energy!!
The photographs of the EDL in the Daily Star article burning a swastika flag whilst various members of various races stood around in balaclavas and EDL black shirts with the same symbols on them reminded me of the UVF or the UDA.
How I looked on the outside felt like it was the most important thing in the world to her. I was taught that my appearance was where I was most valued.
Ill let you know after my psych eval.
I think of storms as redemptive
Pakatan Rakyat pattern to condone heckling against BN leaders
Spire Publishings Premier package is pretty much the same as the Professional package with the addition of ebook. The package is priced at 899.
As I was pondering this conundrum, a portly figure in towering heels and with a raucous, and most unwholesome, laugh sprang to mind. Cynthia Payne, Madame Cyn of Streatham, or at least, if not the lady herself, her willing and loyal clientle.
This all leads into writing today about a self paced class I have just started called Shadows. Shadows are so important to be able to created drama and realism in art work. Here are my first two completed assignments.
Actually, it was supposed to be released in 1987. Thinking the album evil, Prince shelved it. Yet, a fan should still own it, mostly because of the song Bob George, an evil guilty pleasure. Usually known to alter his voice to a higher pitch, Prince lowers it on this song. In this voice he makes fun of himself. Prince?! Aint that bitch! That skinny muthafucka with the high voice?! Actually, this song is a blueprint for future rap lyrics involving cussin out and smackin women, reason why its a guilty pleasure.
I took the so called "quick" survey, which of course was nothing but. Todd motioned at me several times to come eat before the food got cold. But still I persevered. And when I was done, I told him theatrically, "You know, not enough people bother to take the time to praise companies when they do a job well done. Everyone is quick to moan and complain, but when people do a fantastic job how many of us really show our gratitude?" I felt proud of myself for taking SO MUCH TIME to praise the hospital, my midwives, the nurses on staff, the accomodations, the food (ok, not the food so much)...
Now, in the examples above, I am sure that you notices that the shutter speed changed. There is a ratio between the shutter speed and the f/stops which we need to explore. Do you remember that I said that each time you step your f/stop down by one stop, you effectively cut the amount of light reaching the film/sensor by half? Therefore, to ensure that the exposure remains the same, one needs to double the amount of time the light travels through the stopped-down lens and hits the film or sensor surface.
It's hard to express in words, especially from so far away, just how touched
John.
2. Installed a hammock! One of our favorite things about the new house is the backyard and all the fruit trees that we have. Someone gifted us a great hammock when we first moved in and the first weekend of spring seemed like a good time to install it. With the afternoon breeze and the shade of the fruit trees, swaying in the hammock was nothing short of heaven. Needless to say, once we went out there, there was no going back indoors. My niece was still with us and we all had a picnic, hoola hooped, played games and had a truly wonderful afternoon outdoors.
But I discovered that the creative high I got from writing exceeded everything I had ever experienced with any other creative endeavor. I was hopelessly hooked.
Our fourth course is fish, a moist fillet of hapuka cooked slowly in squid ink. The "fried egg" is the cutest thing in this dish, made up of cauliflower puree topped with a spoonful of miso paste. The cannelloni are filled with chicken and prosciutto, hovering on a mound of plump Coorong pipis and slippery curls of raw squid.
Other booths will feature local vendors specializing in dog products and organizations that provide special training for animals including the Dock Dogs, search and rescue, and stock and hunting dogs.
Hervir mucha agua con sal en una cacerola grande, verter la pasta y cocinar. El tiempo de coccion depende de la marca pero en general es de 8 a 10 minutos. Probala despues de 6 minutos para ver como va la coccion. Debe quedar al dente, un poco durita pero gomosa. Una vez hecha, colar la pasta y dejar enfriar en un bowl grande con un chorrito de aceite de oliva para que no se pegue. Reservar.
3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3 Perfect Pull Ups (Lengthen and Stretch, Nice even pulls, Change grip on each set) Alternating with
Our motto: Say No to Satanic Clones!
She is one of the most independent babies I have ever known. She insists on doing everything herself--which makes mealtime quite fun (insert sarcasm here!). She still doesn't like her spoon and without any teeth, I feel like some days I scramble around for foods that she will eat. And one day she might love something only to spit it out the next. She has been doing better at night but we are still patiently awaiting when she will sleep the whole way through. She used to sleep through most of the night but now when she rolls on her belly, she stirs around and then pops up to start crawling. Then that leads to standing up. Which leads to....well you get the point.
Most of them live or lived in the USA and Canada but as I sorted through them the Scottish trail started to come to the fore until there in front of me was details of my grandmothers family.
This one pours amber with a copper tint, and as always a great tan head that sticks forever. Decent carbonation.
Evidence? I spluttered.
Girls in Haiti
Who found the whole "re-entry process" to be one of THE most excruciatingly painful things she had to go through in her new relationship with Christ? This sister.
He wins the match with a Muscle Buster. Even Slater and Drew are impressed, as I am too.
I cut my Evanovich teeth on the numbered Stephanie Plum novels, starting with ONE FOR THE MONEY. As of November, theyre up to EXPLOSIVE EIGHTEEN. It was always fun revisiting hapless New Jersey bounty-hunter Plum, her sidekick Lula the ex-hooker, her nutty Grandma Mazur, and her TWO love interests, Morelli the cop and Ranger the mysterious high-tech security consultant. The books are hysterical in places, sexy in others, with a comfortable level of nail-biting. Nevertheless, somewhere around ELEVEN ON TOP I stopped salivating and started just picking them up sporadically whenever I tripped over them. As I said, thats easy to dotheyre everywhere.
So what are some ways that you use to save money in these days of the disappearing dollar? Have you tried to cut back your spending? I would love to hear some ideas from you!
And time enough for one more beer.
We'd love to see your take on our theme of New Beginnings and don't forget that ALL the Christmas stamps are on sale for 50% off at the Digi Doodle Store!
Style: English Bitter
the laughing was the cherry on the sundae.
"While the `Day of Mourning' has served to focus attention on past injustice to the Native American cause, it has, in recent years, been orchestrated by a group calling themselves the United American Indians of New England. This group has tenuous ties to any of the local tribes, and is composed primarily of non-Indians. To date, they have refused several invitations to meet with the Wampanoag Indian tribal councils in Mashpee or in Gay Head. Once again, we, as Wampanoags, find our voices and concerns cast aside in the activities surrounding the Thanksgiving holiday in Plymouth, this time, ironically, by a group purporting to represent our interests."
for I do not know where
1. Painted the brick a more natural, warmer color
I was sexually abused repeatedly at the age of 4 or 5 by my mothers best friends 16 year old son. I have a sister that is 13 months younger than me. It was when he began to go after her as well, thats when I went to my mother and told her. The abuse stopped and not another word was ever spoken about itever. Through my growing up years, I had to see this man time and again, each time our families got together. I dont know that if my father ever even knew, and since both my parents are long dead, I will never know. Now, this is something that I have always knownthat this happened to me. But, who is, or was, me?
In order to pick the best background for your product, you have to first do what I'm always telling you to do- know your market! Figure out who's most likely to buy your goods and market them accordingly. This of course may change over time, but as an example, in all the styles I've gone through there's a strong theme of romance, because I make romantic jewelry. Even if your jewelery doesn't look particularly 'of a style', you can still make it so- from coloured enamel beads to one of a kind vintage assemblage. Here's a pair of earrings I made in as modern a way as I can manage:
4) Many scholars hold that Jesus was buried in a tomb that was discovered to be empty just a few days later;
Starring Marc Dacascos (otherwise known as the Chairman of Iron Chef: America), this 93 flick follows the basic storyline of troubled high school kids who get their lives turned around by a new teacher. Not the most original story, but whatever works, right? So who is the inspirational teacher? A capoeira (a little known Brazilian dance fighting style) practitioner. Seems like smooth sailing, but wait! The local gang also knows capoeira! Wow, what are the chances? Wooden acting, recycled story, but the fights are something you dont get to se very often. This one is worth a look back.
I love the intense flavor of a fruit curd. Lemon and lime tops the list because they are the tangiest and I love me some tang! I had a bag of blood oranges and since they can be tart, I thought they would be a shoe in for a delicious tart curd. The result was delicious and delicate not the tangy curd I had expected. It had more of a creamy orange flavor. I was not completely happy with this curd, although it was quite good. The second time I made it, I added the juice of a lemon. This brightened the blood orange flavor and gave it the citrusy tangy edge that I craved. It was creamier and smoother than a lemon or lime curd but it had the balance of flavor I was looking for.
So in 1995 Prime Minister Jean Cretien declared the observance. I guess the rest of the country never got the memo.
Rowan went to meet his new pediatrician last week. It made me appreciate how caring and good with people his previous pediatrician was. But all is well. After the appointment, we had to go to a different floor with some paperwork to get his vaccines.
Follow chart for the 66 rows and repeat pattern from the 1st white row.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead lightly 4 times with floured hands. Pat dough into a 6 x 4-inch rectangle. Cut dough into 6 squares. Place 1 inch apart on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray. Bake at 425 for 12 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
This is Beaky, a former Prospect Park resident missing part of its beak and loved by locals. It was probably one of the 400 geese euthanized last Thursday.
When looking for a piece that you know you can paint and do minor alterations on, don't get distracted by the lipstick and eyeshadow. Meaning, surfaces can be changed. You can strip it. You can paint it. The important thing is if the piece is the right size, shape, style, and if it is well made.
I'm back up and running after two days down due to the bots flagging my blog as spam - argh! It's so frustrating when you don't know what you've done wrong or what you can do to make it better. However, the blogging gods have smiled on me and everything is tip top right now on both this blog and my new one over at Arachneas Attic - *fingers crossed we won't have any more problems*
3. In a medium-low heated Tawa/Skillet, add butter.
The cache was titled Too Many Signs, and the coordinates led us to a parking lot. Now, where were too many signs?
The junior had earlier established a Socon mark with 218 consecutive passes without an interception before throwing a pick against Georgia Southern. Interestingly, Riddle is also serving as Elons punter this season.
Now has 4 points, with the first now being, 1. His Proper Time. Understand this friends. Because once you know that God is a God of order and is perfect in all things, youll grasp things in a different way. He orchestrated how and when I got these truths in His proper time because He knew how I could respond to them. He met me where I was at! How beautiful and creative indeed! His methods of approaching and counseling leave me in awe!
This is a cleverly crafted argument used to convince those who have been burned by religious organizations that true Christianity is unlike everything else. I can understand where this comes from because there are a lot of bad religions out there. But this argument falls short in establishing a clear foundation of knowing God within orthodoxy.
Like most teachers of his time, the maulvi who taught Mirza and Sahiba was a stickler for pedagogical rules, and his golden rule was: Spare the rod and spoil the child. As a tool of punishment, he used what in Punjabi is called a chhammak. It is a long, thin, green twig or branch of a tree, shorn of the leaves or any thorns. When struck on any part of the body it sends a flaming sensation through the body  and the soul, too, I guess.
4 ounces tempeh
By this point a good cry had been coming for quite a while so I just sobbed and sang, lifting my hands to Jesus and confessing my inadequacy.
11:00am-11:25am- BOOKED by Kim
KT: Was this your first time in Greece? Have you had any prior experience with Greek literature, writers etc.?
The goal of this trope is: total erasure of females as an organizing class under patriarchy, erasure of the way our reproductive capacity is targeted and exploited by males as the very basis of patriarchy, reversal of feminist concepts into male-supremacist ones, promotion of anti-feminist concepts of equating certain psychological, behavioral and intellectual traits with the female reproductive system.
Sounds like the Jews have been wondering the same thing I have  why NOT just tell them plainly that hes the Messiah? Why beat around the bush with all the inferences and implications and oblique meanings  hes told them hes the Son of Man, that hes been sent by God, that hes the shepherd of both the Jews and the gentiles, that he and God are one, but he wont utter the words Yes, Im the Messiah. Here he says its because he wants his actions to speak for themselves. I theorize that he also wanted to avoid being pigeon-holed into the Jews erroneous belief that the Messiah would be some kind of Conquering Warrior King.
I have often said that I am against the Shiization of Sunni communities, but that I defend Irans right to possess nuclear power for peaceful purposes, and that I will fight anyone who fights it. After all, Iran is an Islamic country, and we are happy that it is strong. It should reassure its neighbors, as we have often heard it say that its power is not directed against the Arabs.
Thanks for looking! Susie
Did you get away for a little vacay this summer? Where is your family's favorite getaway spot?
2. Don't blame yourself (even if every one around you is doing so) because if a talk works in one place in front of one audience and not in another, than how are you the problem?
Youre right, dude, I TOTALLY should have cleared this with you to make sure it would be adequate justification for me missing out on the fucking Board of Directors raid we had scheduled!
Why this recipe is awesome: Its gluten free, tastes great, and travels well. In other words, perfect for finals!
I have sewn in my jammies but I have not sewn jammies
For children, play is their work. It helps them solve problems, hone skills and really just explore life. A child with a noticeable psychic gift is still living in a developing childs body. Lots of playtime is important because they need to decompress, and feel like a kid. I recommend lots of outdoor play as the sunshine is good for their moods as well as vitamin D intake and of course, the Sun regenerates us. Earth vibrations, like from being bare foot in the soil are also very grounding and calming. Keep electronic toys at a minimum as the man made vibrations can be very disruptive to their senses.
This book sat on my shelf untouched for years. Too disturbing to read, too compelling to overlook, it was a gift and absolutely could not be sent off to the library book sale. No matter how many times I weeded my collection, it always remained. There on the shelf, with its dark mesmerizing illustrations in black and purple and virulent green.
Casey Anthony had seemingly requested that her long standing attorney Jose Baez leave the case. Jose Baez was the initial attorney that began with Anthony in the beginning stages of her being charged with Murder.
With minimal ventilation, conditions were suffocating, dark and damp even in the dry and hot Angolan climate.
A handful of platitudes that ranged from the dismissive
and before you cast-on again,
come on, youre young, its time to make mistakes
If my topic were a record, what would it be? Oh I like this one. Perhaps something from Of Montreal? Theyre a semi-obscure band but if youve heard them youre smiling right now because theyre just really really fun. Thats kind of how the refugee community in Lincoln is. Not a lot of people work with them, but all those who do talk about what a blessing it is to be able to invest in their lives. If you havent considered working with the refugee community of Lincoln (or in your hometown summer volunteer work perhaps?), you really should. You wont regret it.
4. Painting!! I am hoping to delegate much of this task to the husband (I don't think he knows that yet though). Silvery Moon by Benjamin Moore on all 4 walls. The inside of the closet may get a different color but that is still TBD.
Don Lalo's is at 585 Roblar street, right near a pretty good pizza place called Papa Lennon's. They have been doing very well and the owner, Angel is a charmer. Sadly, only 5 people have bothered to give them Yelp support, but that's how it can be in a small town.
I have one small complaint (and it really is small because I read this in less than three days). This novel is based on THE SCARLET LETTER and I wish the similarities had been a bit more subtle. The main character is Hannah Paine (Hester Prynne), there is an adulterous affair with a man of the cloth, a daughter named Pearl, and lots of red. If none of that rings a bell, you need to revisit your junior year of high school and dust of your cliff notes (which obviously you used instead of reading the book). Its a great book. You should really read it this time.
At loose ends on many days, I spent time trying to revive the faltering redbud, watering it nearly every day and fertilizing it at intervals. It produced some leaves, and I was encouraged to hope for it.
The last and cutest way to promote an album so here I am sharing with people everyone check out reborn part 1 by brain joo. I promise you will thank me.
I once had a roommate who was pretty, smart, and successful. However, her self-esteem was almost non-existent. She would date a guy, he would treat her like shit, she would believe she actually WAS shit and deserved to be treated as such, and eventually she'd get her heart broken and go into a major depression. The next guy she would date would be exactly like the previous asshole who'd mistreated her and, although the lessons were abundant, she refused to learn from them. After going through this cycle with her several times, I was really, really exhausted by the drama and monotony of it all, and decided I could no longer live with her. Our friendship didn't end, but it definitely suffered. If she wasn't willing to make some changes and break the damaging cycles in her life (even though that's what she repeatedly claimed she wanted to do), I couldn't stick around and watch. It was just too sad.
* Assistant Tire and Suspension Manager
However, if you are searching for the tango blog that focuses on musicality and the psychology of tango, my blog now has a new name with all the old articles: The Tango-Therapist: http://tango-therapist.blogspot.de/ If you are looking for a particular article from my old web site, please put the name of the article in the top left search machine and it will take you there. A list of the most popular posts are below at the bottom of this post.
Messenger and Advocate: An official publication of the church between 1834 and 1837 intended to proclaim church doctrine. (Note: The Messenge and Advocatet is no longer considered official or doctrinal.)
And THAT is something that we currently have no program/system in place to handle  which in my humble opinion is a big reason why we have run in place for so long, and why the rest of the world has caught up.
The road to Fairview each morning is not a fun drive. The road is winding and littered with pot holes and suicidal deer. Coal miners who work at Loveridge mine drive in their trucks and get right on the back of your bumper until they find a place to pass you. Oh, there really isnt a place to pass. But, they find one and give people coming in the opposite direction heart palpitations.
The same pattern is there as in AI theory version 5, but I misjudged the chords a bit.
Cooper pronounced the 50-year-old star dead at 2:26 pm on June 25, 2009, after he was brought in to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, accompanied by his personal physician Conrad Murray.
12) VAMPIRE  The Crystals
What are a few of your favorite things?
4. Master a new craft until youve deemed the living room safe enough to re-enter.
Just a shame. What do you think?
Fact #1: Judith Campbell as she was known then was introduced to John F. Kennedy in Las Vegas by Frank Sinatra.
:: wondering down the beach farther, I found a conch shell... bigger than my fist and broken by the rocks to reveal the coil inside... I smuggled it home, customs might not have approved
is in love with Daddys big red truck.
Now the funny news. The term native speaker means monolingual: all the native speakers to whom second/foreign language learners have been compared since it became standard practice to do so are monolinguals. Given that language learners are becoming multilingual  those who already arent, that is  such comparisons reflect the belief that ideal users of language are monolingual (rings a bell?). Indeed, multilinguals who become multilinguals from birth are not native speakers of their languages, because multilinguals across the board are also routinely compared to native speakers, and you cant compare a thing to itself. Even funnier, multilinguals are not non-native speakers either, because they are also compared to non-natives. Makes one wonder what multilinguals are.
It not only helps build strong bones, but it slows down bone loss. Strength-training exercises that work your upper body, such as your arms and upper spine, are greatespecially when combined with weight-bearing activities such as walking, jogging, and stair-climbing.
In 2005, Topps released one of my favorite niche sets off all time, Topps Rookie Cup! (you can tell I love something by my overuse of exclamation points to describe it) It's as though they made this set just for me. Kind of a crappy design, but I don't care, they all have that fantastic little trophy on it.
Youll love The Book Bloggers Cookbook because
I really wanted to have Vertigo on this list, mostly because its my single favorite Hitchcock film. Jimmy Stewart gives simply an awesome performance as the troubled and almost creepy-obsessive main character. And the plot, with its hints at ghosts, dopplegangers and an all around unhappy ending really had me struggling to overcome what I knew was true. Vertigo is a sublime example of a richly textured psychological thriller, not a horror film. It pained me to do so, but Vertigo is out.
We finally got to do some Tot School this week. On Tuesdays, Monkey See has ballet and tap so Monkey Do and I get to spend a lot of quality time together. We've been playing, reading, singing, and dancing. She has become quite the little talker, when she doesn't have her pacifier in her mouth. She has a very indepth conversation with me that only she understands. It's funny, because she uses very serious expressions.
I have been doing a lot of painting lately, hence the lighter than usual blog posts. I have also spent an unreasonable amount of time trying to photograph my paintings. I am starting to hate my light hungry camera. In the photo above you can't even tell that there is a small amount of gold leaf and the grays vary far more than the photo shows.
My name is Joshua, and as a young boy of almost thirteen years, I lived with my family in the Nefton Woods in the Land of Ganchimi. It was a beautiful place, and remains so to this day; alluring waterfalls and bits of meadow that cascade upon one another as you view them from the sky. For so it is true that you are able to do such a thing when you have climbed a Vasior tree; sturdy and tall, reaching quite up into the air; high above all the other trees by no less than two score. I did such climbing when I was a boy (but not much anymore), always scuttling to the top of the tree to witness the rich splendor of the countryside. Once at the top, my eyes would gaze out upon the vast oceans of grain and grass, flowers and trees. Swaying in the cool breezes of the autumn, I would contemplate the rippling motions of the world below. I was safe in my tree. I knew my place within its branches and it was always good to be there.
after which they loudly squealed for more;
A bit curious (what would Dr. Rosenberg say?), I consulted the National Institutes of Medicines great PubMed archive, the National Library of Medicine. At least one widely-cited immunology study mentions lanquinbeing tested in mouse pneumonia. More conventionally, its used for laryngitis, which I have. Yangyin Qingfei Wan, the nasty chews, are being studied in Asia for preventing lung infection after lung cancer radiation. Its made of figwort root, licorice root, white peony root, dwarf lilyturf root, raw rehmannia root, wild mint herb, moutan barketc. Roots & barks. In short, its for coughing. Which Im doing. Its used here for people with tuberculosis.
Even if the mother couldn't see taking them out of school as an option, she could have done so much more for those girls than give them rules and try to make them comply. The girls sure saw not going to school as an option, and the very fact that their mother couldn't recognize that, shows a significant lack of understanding and communication on her part. I doubt very much that school or no school was the answer. Ditching school was more of a symptom of a larger problem, a problem that was created by the parents, their divorce, their move, their total lack of control over anything that was happening in their lives. School was just one more thing controlling them.
Guess what I will be doing tonight....
I'm speaking on the Sunday morning, I believe.
So without further ado, I infect:
Other than that, I've been busy organizing and cleaning my house. The house that we used to live in was the house I grew up in. When we moved out I left some things behind and just hadn't made the time to go back and get it and go through things. Well, last weekend my brothers house burned down so him and his family had to move into my parents old house, so I really had to get my stuff out of there. Its really amazing the things you find! So I've been busy throwing things away and getting bags of clothes ready to donate. I have so many friggin clothes that I don't wear anymore or don't fit. I REALLY need to go through them all, Ryan's included. It seems the kids get new clothes every season but neither of us do.
Aside from the frank admission that Britain as a concept is now pretty much constantly blitzed (look at a map of the globe. Britain would describe itself as existing at a jaunty angle, but we all know that that lean is way more of a four pint stumbly angle), two overriding truths have been revealed about our great land.
02. Mandragora Scream  A Vision They Shared
Hopefully I can get in some sort of routine soon and find more time for blogging.
When Hannah told the other girls she liked Sam, they reacted with admiration. So she had made the right choice. Maybe she was not a dummkopf. Her friend Mary stuck up for her choice. Mary was blonde and sweet on Laverne, who was truly a wonder in the world of Amish eighth graders. He was easily the best-looking boy in the district. In fact Hannah would have picked Laverne had he not already been taken by Mary. For some reason, it didnt bother her that Annie, who was in the sixth grade, had her attention on Sam; blushing every time he walked by, but saying nothing.
NOTE: Broken heart by sin; wounded by sinners
Warren is looking to shake off the story of her Native American background, which has hounded her since the Herald first reported that Harvard Law School has touted Warren as a minority hire. She also listed herself as a minority in a law school directory for nine years between 1986 and 1995.
In the movie of my life story, I would be played by If Emma Stones not available, then David Spade. Hed have to don fake breasts and a brunette wig but I think he could pull it off.
Ill hang you upside down by your ankles so you know what the menopause feels like! I shouted menacingly.
Midnight stars greeted them as they left 'The Fort.' Trevor pulled her close against the rental and kissed her. "We should stop meeting like this." His whisper tickled her ear.
Die cuts: Memory Box Tilth Floral and I purchased it at my Local Scrpabooking Store, Photo Scraps, Eldersburg, MD. Rusty @ Oozak.com will soon be getting Memory Box dies in stock!! Yah! This is the Tilth Floral.
The bullet struck Ernest in the elbow, then tore through his chest and stomach, fatally wounding him.
For Lent, you welcomed Jesus into your daily routine. You handed over the controlsthe remote, the mouse, the keys, your credit card. Thats a startnot the end.
Suddenly I found a whole community of people over at www.he-man.org and other places around the net who were basically keeping the franchise alive. Youd be hard pressed to find a better fan base for any property from the 80s. Of course I jumped in and grabbed as many Classics figures as I could afford. They are FUCKING AWESOME. They are sculpted by a group of toy makers called The Four Horsemen who are fantastic at what they do.
All of these, with the exception of one, are items you likely have in your home. If you do not already have a potato ricer, I would enthusiastically recommend buying one, and not just because it's the star of this blog post. If nothing else, it produces the fluffiest, creamiest, unchunkiest mashed potatoes known to spud-kind and puts the masher to shame.
11:00 a.m.: Im posting my own translation of a message posted on Malilink this morning by mathematician Dialla Konat, a professor at Virginia Tech and a fixture of the Malian intelligentsia. His statement suggests why so many Malians were so frustrated with the government of President Tour and why, despite their ambivalence, they may ultimately support the coup:
It fell to the table twitching, foetid dust spilling from severed arteries.
Cricut Cartridges - Printing Press and George & Basic Shapes (for the Hearts), the colorful circles and strips were leftover scraps from cutting labels using the Art Philosophy cartridge
#135 iMapMyRun iPhone App
fennel seeds 1/4tsp
I'd be lying if I said it wasn't a little difficult watching the line of friends wind down the trail as I turned into the wind to head back to my car, happy that I was finished, but envious of the reward that comes after enduring the pain, and completing a journey. It was such an amazing run, and I wanted to keep that feeling going, although I knew stopping was the smart thing to do, and really the only option. I'm hoping that this becomes a regular route that we can do again, hopefully recreating some of the magic of the run, and next time I hope to be a traveler instead of a tourist.
Starting with books that a parent can share with pre-schoolers, reading to them, or for early readers, theres a new addition to the popular Chester Raccoon series. A Color Game for Chester Raccoon by Audrey Penn, illustrated by Barbara L. Gibson ($7.95, Tanglewood) it is made to survive the often rough handling the very young give a book. Its great artwork and text provides an introduction to different colors. The Animal Masquerade by Marianne Dubuc ($16.95, Kids Can Press) is a fanciful tale of animals that disguise themselves as other creatures, providing an introduction to different creatures in a very entertaining way. A very amusing story is told in The Klampie Mystery by Luis Rodriguez ($14.95, Mascot Books) about Samantha who gets a life-sized stuffed Koala toy whose arms clamp onto anything. When her family takes a trip to Australia, she takes the toy named Klamie along and there the fun begins when a real koala replaces it. A growing concern among parents is the way video games and electronic devices not only keep kids indoors, but ill-serve the development of their imagination, a key factor in creativity. Thats why I liked One Day I Went Rambling by Kelly Bennett, illustrated by Terri Murphy ($17.95, Bright Sky Press) for those ages 5-8. It is about a boy who finds all kinds of things while playing outside and how his imagination converts them into things like a pirates magic ring. This is a great book for the very young. Kids are naturally fascinated by all living creatures and that can include insects. Bug Off! Creepy, Crawly Poems by Jane Yolen, illustrated by some great photos by Jason Stemple ($16.95, WordSong, an imprint of Boyds Mills Press, Honesdale, PA) is an excellent introduction to bees, butterflies, ants, spiders and other common insects.
My daughter has become the typical tweenager with all the added attitude , angst and fun. My husband still doesn't know what the future holds as MOD are being slow with a descision.
Embellishments: Orange & Yellow Fancy Pants Prima Flowers, Chocolate Delight Half Back Pearls By Queen & Company, Orange & White Ribbon By Lil' Davis Designs
Dry Stout, Matt Brewing Company, New York, 5.5% ABV
We had plenty of bark left so we made a bark path inbetween the raspeberry frames which makes access a lot better for us. I say two raspberry frames, but it is now actually just one raspberry frame and a frame for a grapevine too! To edge the path and strawberry bed we have just used bricks that we have found on our plot since taking it over, and it certainly looks very posh..
The arrival of the Master coincided with their emergence from the gestalt state when the radiation effects had subsided, and his influence caused the emergence of a split personality of good and evil, each side competing for their tremendous power while yearning to become a proper species once again. The Master, who was stranded on Earth at the time too, succeeded in capturing the Xeraphin as a new power source for his TARDIS. However, the Doctor's intervention meant his nemesis' TARDIS was sent to Xeriphas where events became out of his control.
Oh, but fuck 'em for having the gall to actually make money on the venture.
This weekend I am giving a Bridal Shower at my house for one of my surrogate brother's fiance. My brother has two best friends, Gabe and Billy. They have been best friends since they were little and have always been apart of our family going on family vacations, Thanksgivings, Christmases you name it our door was always open. This is the first non-family event I've had at my house and it's sort of forcing me to actually DO things to my house to make it look lived in. I bought new chairs for our kitchen and drapes for the living room. I've hired a maid to come in and start cleaning once a month (which I really needed especially for the bathroom...I really hate cleaning the bathroom). So I'm hoping that this will start a trend and I'll really get my house "lived in". Ideally I would like to paint...but that is so darn messy, plus I know me...I would get sick of it eventually and want to change it...I'll do it eventually...all the walls are just so beige now. Hmmm.
Cox is a man boy waggling his box of toys at us: he has nothing new to tell us, just a new way - thanks to his talking smile. At public expense he gets to fly at 60,000 ft to admire the dark blue of the sky, to drive over desert sand dunes to show us what Mars is like (air: thin), and he lights Chinese lanterns to demonstrate the effects of hot air. Oh, it rises.
Photograph of Roderick Cameron and Van Day Truex in Ireland from *Van Day Truex, Adam Lewis, Viking Studio, 2001.
At the top of the hill, just before the gate we had entered previously, a wooden style crosses the fence and leads to the same spot. As I stood here and rested a while something told me the style was the right way to enter into the ritual landscape this evening, for this time we wasnt simply visiting or on a reccy, this time there was work to be done.
CRUZ
This point requires a different point from saving time and effort simply because of economics. Hiring writers to create content for your website averages about $15 per article. If your site were to hold even just 20 articles that you need to update regularly (say every two weeks), you'd see how the bill could add up.
It took 78 days to get from 150,000-250,000.
and of course, it is still difficult as ever to get Aiden to let me take his picture. He's kind of coming around though, so keeping fingers crossed that I can start adding lots and lots of pictures of his crazy little self! :)
I've dithered for a while on what I really want to do with regards to my hair color. I've thought about attempting to color it back to something approaching my natural hair color, but that would mean all the dark hair pieces I've invested in would no longer work. Recently, I've begun to toy with the notion of going back to red hair, but again, it would be a lot of commitment to getting a professional to get it there, and then red hair fades SO FAST, so the upkeep gets pretty pricey. Also, all of my hair pieces and wigs would no longer work... So... Dark brown it is.
Point is, this is a great album to throw on to piss off your lady friend and impress your bros with.
I love to collect stones and even more, love to paint on them. These were picked up along the sides of the Quesnel river around Cottonwood house.
As I said before, and in what is essentially the whole point of this piece, all of this, even in the traditional, melodic feel of old world Japan and the classic Japanese cinema of Ozu and Mizoguchi, is pure 1950's Sirkian melodrama. The way Ichikawa lights his film, the movement of his camera, the natural beauty juxtaposed with the inner turmoil of his characters is all Sirk. Now I am not saying Ichikawa's film was necessarily influenced by films such as Written on the Wind or A Time To Live and a Time to Die, or for that matter the works of Nick Ray or Richard Quine or even Satyajit Ray, which also bear resemblance here (Ichikawa, who started as an animator, considered himself a cartoonist at heart and Chaplin and Disney were his biggest influences) but the feel of the film still conjures up memories of this bold, oft-maligned cinema of the past.
Here is the updated template for 2013. To all those who have asked for it, thanks for your patience! I hope there are no mistakes, but if you find one, please let me know.
My wife has as remarkable a facility for stating the obvious as she does in turning ordinary words into mild vulgarities.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GREAT DAY!! WHY?? I HAVE A CAMPUS WIDE EVENT!!! I am so excited!! PICS TO COME FROM THE EVENT!!
Top Ten Recent Happenings in Burlesonville (in no particular order):
Recommendation $11,500
We are snowed in though, of course they are not complaining.
I already miss all your comments and blogs I often look at (even if I remain silent) ! ;-)
They had to audition to get into the show, and when they found out they made it AND they got the coveted last performance of the night, they were a trio of excited 12 year olds. They never did come up with a name for their band, but they pulled off a green/black ensemble that looked good together.
Berkshire Blue Cheese with Pickled Blackberries and Cocoa Crisp
Focus on your own needs. Are you taking care of yourself? Your wellness is always important. Watch your stress levels, take time to be with friends, get enough sleep. If you find that your relationship is draining you, consider ending it.
Which I think, perhaps, is finally the point of this post. I am afraid to open myself up and say I am tender, I am soft, I have a happysadness, because that is not cool or smart, and there is no protection there. But what do I have to protect? I am not so cool and smart, I am just a girl. I like flowers, I like poetry, I like the words "kiss" and "touch" and "pink". Perhaps I am coming into who I am again, and this time soft and on cat feet. If one is lonely, one must let others in. So simple and so frightening.
Little forest is now left in Sabah. More and more of it is being currently earmarked for industrial timber production and oil palm plantation by Musa Amans government. The latest ploy, spearheaded by Musa is so-called mosaic planting a scheme to clear fell forest in Natural Forest Management areas. Critics say it is just another method for grabbing the timber from areas that should be protected.
- Scraping glue off my kitchen floors until 1am in preparation for new, fantastic, beautiful floors that were installed monday
Maxine Nightingale  Love Hit Me
Howard Schwartz and Kristina Swarner, author and illustrator of Gathering Sparks, Barry Deutsch, author and illustrator of Hereville: How Mirka Got Her Sword, and Dana Reinhardt, author of The Things a Brother Knows are the 2011 winners of the prestigious Sydney Taylor Book Award.
11. Adagio  Allegro 8:52
When shift happens in your life you can either choose to feel bitter, helpless, resentful, angry and afraid. Or you can choose to yield to the circumstances out of your control and gain wisdom, compassion, spiritual insights and future coping skills. Its not always the shift situation that causes unhappiness. Its your thoughts about it. When the bad feelings come, you dont have to chase, push, fight, flee, cave in or suppress them. Let them come in and go out like a swinging door. The feeling will pass. Or you can become frozen with fear, anger and worry. Faith helps you to navigate your way out of a dark place into a place of light to see what steps you need to take to see and believe in your possibilities are for a better tomorrow.
And hey they have a camel that predicts the Superbowl winners
Oh wow. You a baaa-baaa-gaaah! See, I have a literary crush on Mr. Green. His writing is brilliant and his wit shines brightly through in his novels. After my initial fangirl moment, Id try to gather myself and formulate something intelligent to say. Try.
He was detained in the lock-up.
Its fitting that Orson Welles created his great film classics in black and white. He was a master of shadowsof the human shadow. In his restored 1958 masterpiece Touch of Evil, corrupt cop Hank Quinlan is the slimy quintessence of a human soul fully immersed in that shadow. The crooked cop is aptly, succinctly summarized in the scene with Marlene Dietrichs bordello madam:
And humankind, he can but shun
What then can content-owning industries do? Digital rights management (DRM) has had some successes, for example Sky. The Sony Rootkit infected people's computers, which was a bit of a disaster. Young computer users have the energy and the skill to get round DSM with not too much effort. Bars to access are also accused of infringing human rights. How then do we monetise our creativity? The Americans seem to be able to do it -- and they criticise our failure to do so.
On the ninth day of Christmas
A few years ago now, my New Years resolution was I must fly my kite more often. I did not keep that up as much as I should. I recommend a good kite and some time together, you will love it. Last year my resolution was I must eat more Olives. Which, a little belatedly I am now covering. Every meal here comes with Olives. There is no meal that the Portuguese would consider unsuitable for an Olive accompaniment and they are good for you.
1/4 Cup light mayonnaise
Your world
For crits, roll a SR on CON on the level of your crit. For fumbles, roll a SR on LK on the level of your fumble. As you understand, this means lvl 2-6. If you fail your SR, this is what happens.
I love to share beer with people. I will give you a beer just to hear your opinion of it. I will give you a beer with hopes that it might sway you to give up Coors. I will even buy you a beer to get you drunk. All you have to do is ask. But it pisses me off when they steal it. That just isn't right. That is a major Party Foul!
20) Frantzn/Lindeberg (Stockholm, Sweden)
So, without further ado I'll hand over to Jason...
A Pillow Cover
7. The House of the Ego - Cavalier 3 parts Sep 20, 27, Oct 4
In a sense, it's the appeal of ruins.
I have a clean criminal record, I have no history of substance abuse of any kind, no rehab no nothing!! All I am guilty of is sometimes acting on fear my daughters time was running out.
"In a progressive country change is constant; and the great question is not whether you should resist change which is inevitable, but whether that change should be carried out in deference to the manners, the customs, the laws and the traditions of a people, or whether it should be carried out in deference to abstract principles, and arbitrary and general doctrines".
What I loathe about cooking however...is the planning, shopping and yes, the cleaning up.
One way that psychologists have found to test whether something is seen as an object is by turning it upside down. Pictures of people present a recognition problem when theyre turned upside down, but pictures of objects dont have that problem. So Bernard and his colleagues used a test where they presented pictures of men and women in sexualized poses, wearing underwear. Each participant watched the pictures appear one by one on a computer screen. Some of the pictures were right side up and some were upside down. After each picture, there was a second of black screen, then the participant was shown two images. They were supposed to choose the one that matched the one they had just seen.
 1 Grand Prize:
In 1948, the Yemeni ruler Imam Ahmad obliged Jews to pass on their expertise in crafts and trade to Yemeni Arabs before leaving the country.
And lastly, ready to bring a HUGE smile to the special ladies in the lives of your little sweeties?
Ok, its true  often, people will do things if theyre not explicitly told not to do them. Which is why your hairdryer warns you not to get it wet (Im sure someone decided it was a good idea to cuddle with their hairdryer in the bathtub while it was on). Which is why your coffee cups warn you that the contents are hot (I dont want to know the idiot who complained about that). Which is why Christmas lights say, For indoor or outdoor use only (I dont know what the alternative would be, but Im sure someone figured one out, and died). Read here for some more.
Now this this is quite a change. This is a monumental leap of faith for me. Im giving up all of these things, all of this comfort, all of the things I have grown up with, and Im throwing it all away. Who needs it?
Lets have a round of applause for all of our winners! Keep an eye out, I am getting to like this whole giving stuff away. :)
2 tsps vanilla
Yeah, when Im in a good relationship, I walk around all smiles and people notice it  a change in my walk, that glow about meooh, Laurens in love! Then again, if the asshole did something/we got in a fight, people notice that my whole mood is dragged down and sometimes that interferes with stuff like job/school performance or catching an attitude with someone else. So I gotta say that the peace and calm from the absence of such drama kinda outweighs the feeling lonely aspect that pops up like once a month
So as the morning progressed I started to think how cute Zane is and how he loves to take care of his Tigger, making sure he had a nice soft bed. But, wait!, Zane never goes anywhere without Tigger. So I headed to the bedroom to put his blanket mound back on Zane's bed. That is when I seen it...
Jinx I Saw Your Face nice clean copy of this great BelgoGlam 2-sider
Mountain villages clinging on the flanks, looking forward to exploring that!
And then she knew it was time to let go.
two vanilla pods, split lengthways
The best election result, and were not talking about Boris-Ken here, has to go to the man in Edinburgh dressed as a penguin who called himself Professor Pongoo and got more votes than the Liberal Democrats.
Meet Hansen. ( yes horses can run with no feet touching the ground )
My apologies for having been absent for so long. I was and still am quite swamped with a number of personal obligations had had neither the time nor the energy to post. I still am not fully free, but as an apology of sorts, I offer this "lighter" post.
A day like this... definitely calls for such a hearty, hot meal. What a chilly start to May! (no pun intended :D )
Bersih, said Ambiga, reiterates its call for the EC office-bearers to resign immediately as they have failed to uphold the peoples demands for free and fair elections.
Lets be plain. The role model for this privatization (of social security) was the selling off of Russian state assets after the fall of communism, in which the shares distributed to each Russian citizen soon were snapped up by a few dozen savvy insiders who became todays famous Moscow Oligarchs. Some of the richest plutocrats in the world arose from insider manipulation of the unwisely executed privatization of state assets... and NOT the creative-competitive delivery of innovative goods and services. If you call such monopolist-moguls "capitalists" who deserve their vast lucre, then you add to the spinning in Adam Smith's grave.
I waited a week to write back. I wrote and edited and wrote and edited and finally wrote something I was willing to send. Chamille suggested I ignore it and pretend I never received the message. For some reason I really thought I could help in some way. If I say and do nothing, what changes? If I say and do something, what changes? I decided that I really had nothing to lose, this person already dislikes me and everything I believe in and everything he *thinks* I'm about.
The will in this case could not be disputed in the normal way because dad hadn't died yet.
SH: You're the cleaning up person around here.
I always say she's the control freak. Maybe it's me.
So I have plenty of obstacles to work around to train effectively for this marathon but I think with determination and creativity I can do it. I will have to run on limited sleep at times (my children are horrible in this department), run when I don't want to if the weather conditions are not primo in my book, and also squeeze in runs on a treadmill that I would rather do outdoors. I work FT and juggle around Adam's demanding work schedule so sometimes I will have to juggle my running schedule I know but in order for me to see to the end of this goal I will just have to take it one run at a time!
Garlic Mayonnaise
It was a valuable exercise in thinking through what these mean in today's world.
Lo and behold! After just a month without gluten, my intestinal issues made huge progress. And even more impressivelyand completely unexpectedlymy asthma and allergies also disappeared.
And they soundin' sharp
So yesterday I got back from a trip full of delays, which left me super tired and cranky. But I got home and found out I got awarded part-time! I am so incredibly happy, it was like Christmas! I have been waiting for this for 7 months. It has been so hard being away from my kids and Emery for so many days a month, but now I will be home so much more. I can still pick up trips if we need extra money. Honestly, I don't ever see myself leaving this job now that I am part-time. Now I can have that perfect work-home balance that I wanted so badly and I am so grateful.
9:00  Neon Indian (DJ Set) @ Shea Stadium $tba
1 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil
The term Riverbend means what it designates -- the river bends, and what was up ahead well -- it was just as well we were not aware of what was coming.
It will be nice to see what new flavors she whips up as the seasons change and the business ramps up. On standby, I am.
I am thrilled to host this week and thank each person who baked the carrot muffins along with me. Sooner or later I will visit each of your blogs to check out the muffiny goodness. If you need the recipe, scroll down!
You give us your views in the changing light,
I am now at the stage where I cant actually get up on a morning and want to go to work. Instead I wake up and hate the idea of going to work. I would rather do anything than be at work. I have recently taken a week off work  holidays not sick by the way. And I felt so much happier. I was a less stressed out person. I felt good about myself. But today I have just been pushed over the edge, and I actually have no idea what the cause was. Maybe because there was a change in plans in my personal life, or maybe its because of my ever expanding workload. I dont really know. What I do know is that I ended up crying my eyes out and blurting out everything I was feeling. It did make me feel better about myself. For a short time.
I can make two related points in Austers terms:
Life throws curve balls to everyone. We all face battles big and small. In the big picture of life, we each have mountains to climb and wars to wage. There will be times of conflict and times of peace. Leave the judging up to God because you never know what someone is facing on the inside.
In 1964 around 65,000 children were born outside marriage in Britain. In 2005 the figure was around 275,000  and every year 50,000 UK children have the fathers name left blank on their birth certificate.
I'd say that there were at least 150 people at the talk - a number that any bookseller would be very happy with. Even the largest city centre stores struggle to achieve figures like that, so it's remarkable that an independent bookshop in a small Sussex village attracted such a good turnout.
Gore
She's ably and energetically supported by Josh Abrahams (bass), Frank Rosaly (drums) and guitarist Jeff Parker (of Tortoise). Guitarist Parker has the most original tone of the four, simultaneously edgy and slippery, like a punk Bill Frisell.
In July 1989 my American cousin Charlotte (Char) flew me out to San Francisco and for the next eight weeks or so I travelled around California and southern Oregon. Char had recently retired as an English teacher at Montgomery High School in Santa Rosa.
This morning, I went for a swim when I'd dropped littlest at school. It was a joy. Quiet pool  only three others there, and two of them finished their swims partway through mine. So there was plenty of room to turn round at the end of a length; nobody splashing me; and I felt wonderful afterwards. (Scary thought. I might actually like exercise, if it's on my terms.)
It may be noted that all the examples of conspicuously "caring" conservatives given above were also imperialistic or militaristic conservatives (generally both). This makes them somewhat unusual in the conservative tradition -- particularly in the American conservative tradition, which is isolationist rather than expansionist or aggressive. The basic conservative dictum: "You leave me alone and I will leave you alone" translates into an international policy of letting other nations go to hell in their own way as long as they don't threaten or attack America. So it has almost always been Democrat Presidents that have deployed American military power abroad on a large scale.
Look #1
Here are five fabulous blogs that I would like to nominate:
The stable looks as if it's about to fall down and yes, there are a few horses in there. So, I did call and complain to the proper authorities about a week ago. I drove by today and one horse is gone, though perhaps he has just been moved to a farther field. This is a stables company after all. The other adult and baby remain.
If you are aggravating to buck an egg and accept a Pokemon with the Magma Armor or Flame Physique adeptness in your party, afresh it will cut the buck time in half.
Apparently, what happened is caravans of gipsies have been vandalising the car park on Wednesday ( a couple of days before I have arrived) but the police moved them shortly after and now the part and ride north is safe, which the story checks out but it is old now.
Ok, not really, but a loads of WORK.
Here is a package from Ideeli.com delivered to my virtual USA address:
It is a real community with bloggers supporting each other which differs to the cut throat world of business where it seems there is always someone copying you or undercutting your charges! We had some lovely samples to give away including some beautiful soy wax melts from Toeknuckles  what a great business name you will never forget it! The Craichouse Comedy Club gave all the blogger a free double pass to try out this fantastic night of entertainment.
The rustle of leaves, chilly evenings and a good walk in the woods. Its harvest time, and weve brought together sugar snap peas, carrots and robust roasted red potatoes  great vegetables of early fall to steam up for a burst of real stick-to-the-ribs flavor.
It was after I turned down the New York publishers offer that I contacted Bob Young, Lulus founder and CEO. Bob also started Red Hat, one of the first companies to prove that it was possible to make money with open-source software by providing services, and hes been an ardent supporter of ensuring that what we call intellectual property involves as many choices as possible.
- Noteworthy food & beverage program
Heres how this dinner scenario went once I matured and learned that getting into "World War III" with my husband is more miserable than eating dinner alone:
and said I love you, daddy.
For many years there has not been a cure for those suffering the disease known as Cystic Fibrosis.
The Fountain of Salmacis (from Nursery Cryme)
redemptions will be less than interest earnings, trust fund
**DISCLAIMER: these songs have nothing to do with what's going on. I just like ridiculously lame jams, what can I say!?
This Spring marked my 12 year anniversary in Los Angeles. I didnt land the part of Pam on The Office until year 8. Im hardly an overnight success. Likewise, Rainn Wilson toured the country doing theater and was one of those working but unrecognized actors for over 10 years. Steve Carell had been kicking around for close to 20 years. Most of us on The Office have a story like that. I think that is one of the reasons why we are all so very, very grateful to have landed such a wonderful job. Slow and steady wins the race.
*This story will be further documented at a later date. The little guy and Santa discussed whether Santa or the Tooth Fairy would visit our house first, then Santa began to tell the Little Guy how he calls the Tooth Fairy 'the Molinator' Little Did Santa know that the kid he was talking to is a SANTA FREAK and takes the Santa Clause movies as historical fact. He began to tell him all about the movie while Santa claimed he had never seen said movies. HILARIOUS.
If the local politicians sold out everything,even myself,I will rebuild everything.
In order to quash the insurgency, the Indian government passed several draconian laws that approved police impunity. The Terrorist and Disruptive Activities Act (TADA) of 1987, allowed for the detention of people based on mere suspicion or threat, even if the suspicion was just imagined. Under Section 21, people detained under the Act were presumed guilty until proven innocent (Kaur, 2002). The ten years between 1985 and 1995 resulted in the registration of 17,520 TADA cases in which only one person was convicted (Kaur, 2002).
Bebe' Collection kids are a pretty big deal around here in my small corner of the internet. I feel so connected and such a sense of pride for each of these kiddos I get to follow for the first year of their life. For those of you who are not familiar with Bebe' Collection (it's been awhile since I highlighted it) here are the details:
While giving a reading to a client this morning, he said "I don't know why I feel like I have given and given and now I need help and no one is giving to me. I think giving too much and helping others too much is a weakness I have." He was then told by the spirit of his grandfather, "That is part of your nature. That is what makes you who you are. Forgive yourself and know that whatever you have given has been and will be forever given back to you."
 priyar@citizen.co.za
Happy April 5th everyone, Happy Birthday to my crazy Oliver, and Happy Release Day to Christy English and Margaret George!!
Cheers, Chicken
 she dreamed through the lonely evenings, closing her eyes to create the darkness where Paradise House could take shape, embellished and enlarged day after day  with colonnades and cupolas, archways and flights of steps. Acquisitively, from photographs and drawings in history books, she added one detail after another. That will do for Paradise House, was an obsessive formula which became a daily habit. The white peacocks would do; as would the cedar trees at school.
Wait, what? Earn free clothes? Yes! Who wouldnt like to earn free clothes? Gather some of your favorite people together and host a party in your home with Trunkd Clothing. Depending on the sales volume the hostess will earn a percentage of the total sales to be used towards clothing and accessories with Trunkd Clothing. In addition, as the party sales are totaled up there is a chance to earn a 50% discount off one item. The more sales that are generated the more items you can earn with 50% off.
Animation Studio: A-1 Pictures Inc.
We understand best when facts are embedded in natural spatial memory.
Hope everyone has a wonderful, happy, love-filled day with or without a date.
A random afternoon of antiquing is also incredibly inspiring to me...I love browsing through carefully salvaged relics of the past and imagining their history...there is something so romantic and intriguing about it to me.
Third: Eat 6small meals instead of 3large meals. Your metabolism will not suffer from peaks and lows, allowing more energy throughout the day and higher fat burning.
On another note, here is my latest and greatest.
Arg, LSS Hahaha
of simple living and high thinking. The idea is that only when we simplify, when we clear away the dust that only complicates the obvious truth, will we be able to discover the presence of enlightenment within ourselves and all around us.
But then the cravings start and MY GOD THE CRAVINGS!
_____I always make sure to be able to live within my means..even If I had to borrow the money to do it (funny borrow quote)
The scholarship provider happens to be Kobrand Corporation, which Professor Kolpan describes as one of Americas leading marketers and importers of fine wines. The scholarship is in memory of R.C. Kopf, the founder of Kobrand, and is continued by his three daughters. It has been available to students for the past fifteen years. Two scholarships are awarded to CIA students per year; one scholarship is awarded to Cornell, UNLV, and Johnson & Wales as well.
In award-winner Linda Rodriguez, mystery fans will find a unique voice and a gifted storyteller.Visit Linda Rodriguez's blog.
Thank you for stopping by today it really mean so much to me.
Hes distant.
A challenge and a contest to WIN Lords Grace.
11 April
We also have the light of life. We are told in Matthew 5:14-15, we are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden. Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on a stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house.
But for banks, its the opposite. Banks keep our money and pay US interest, instead of us paying them interest. A transaction at an equal cost to both businesses is a completely different animal. For a creditor, $6 in transaction fees opens them up to making business on you paying the interest on what you just bought. For a bank, $2.52 in transaction fees means they make no extra money. (They may save a miniscule amount of interest, but theres no profit.)
- Please only submit one entry (unless you use a Little Miss Muffet Stamps image) and it would be helpful if you could turn off word verification.
I've talked to a lot of young parents considering alternative education of some sort or another, not necessarily unschooling, and to people who plan on teaching their children, a common enthusiasm expressed is that they'll be able to teach their children to love what they love. Usually the thing they're talking about is "classic" something or other, especially literature. Sometimes it's even put as baldly as that, though often that simply seems to be an underlying theme in what they're saying. I don't point it out, though sometimes I consider doing so. It doesn't seem particularly nice to say that all their dreams of creating children who share their interests isn't necessarily going to happen, and I figure it's something people will figure out themselves soon enough. But I always kind of shake my head a bit, internally. Trying to make someone else like the same things you like is likely to lead to them having little interest in the subject being pushed, at best, and actively disliking and resenting both the subject being pushed and the person pushing it, at worst.
All the menacing might of the globe uprisen around me,
What book should I read first in 2012? If we are slow tonight at work  which that is doubtful but it always slows down some after bars close  which book should I start? Here are the ones Im considering:
im fine ..wheres your fine..
Here is one of the pictures.
Could you seek me here, deep below
2. Stamp the sentiment (this time I took out the border) twice onto white cardstock and then cut out with circle punches of your choice (This time, punched it out with a 1 3/4" punch). and then punch out some larger circles to mat it on. Sponge the edges and cut out the peppermint on the sentiment (the sentiment was stamped twice) to put on dimensionals and pop up over the peppermint on the sentiment that was punched out.
Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and the sea was no more. And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, Behold, the dwelling place of God is with man. He will dwell with them, and they will be his people, and God himself will be with them as their God. He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away. -Revelation 21:1-4
Listening to... Since the Hunter Hayes concert the other night we've been on a constant country music kick. His CD has been on repeat since Thursday.
If we're ever going to repeal liberal BS I guess we might as well start in the toilet. Evidently this is the way KY. Senator Rand Paul feels as well. Paul told Department of Energy assistant secretary on energy efficiency, Kathleen Hogan, that the gubment needed to get it's nose out of our toilets. Specifically what he said was this:
Both were jailed for five years and eight months on charges including abduction, sexual activity with a child and supplying drugs.
As to Trayvon Martin how about some common decency for a innocent life?
Pink metal heart: MM
For those who have missed some or all of the FREE Daily Downloads since April 28th, I also have the kit, "Bee a Blessing" in the store. It is 30% off during my Featured Designer spot through May 11th. You can click on the preview to grab it.
And that stuck with me. Because really, does anyone "need" to be exposed to Shakespeare? And by being exposed to Shakespeare in school, do the vast majority of public and private schoolers really develop a deep and abiding love for the famous playwright's work, or do they hate, dislike, or find absolutely useless and/or boring everything they're taught about the man and his writing?
Mass/Morning Prayer/Stations of the Cross
And in the public domain it makes sense to look at Art in this way. As an industry, the Arts stand or fall on how well they reach an audience. Its not simply that art sitting unsold on shelves isnt good, its just that it doesnt say the right things to its viewers for it to earn its keep. It has to communicate before it can be either liked or disliked. And if quality and popularity are two separate trends, even the best of quality will go unnoticed if it is inaccessible. (I just read where an Opera company is now selling tickets at $5/month because 80% of its revenues are from philanthropy and it makes almost more sense to give tickets away than to sell them to only an elite crowd that can afford high prices. Fascinating!)
Then there are some retro-fun times in this book namely Y2K. Which will always make me think of New Years Eve 1999 and how I was standing out on my friends back deck watching fireworks and thinking Ill always remember this night because the world didnt end. I survived Y2K and will tell my kids all about this significant historical moment. And you know, I was 14 at the time, so I felt like hot stuff to be out on my friends deck, drinking sparkling cider, staying up past midnight, and surviving Y2K.
Though it will be newer and bigger, the tone won't change, says Davies. Barrowman's Jack will still be TV's only bi-sexual hero, character will still be stressed, and humor will still play a large part in the show's make-up.
At a school recently I spoke to an audience of 14 year olds. I asked the question,who here is a scientist. Note this is after I have explained what a scientist is in simple terms  someone able to question, to make judgements, to experiment to search for the truth. Out of a group of sixty, five hands went up (two of those were teachers). Id already warmed them up so I knew they were capable and confident in raising their arms to earlier questions.
plants sweetly lining either side of a pea gravel path
If I have to stop fast you are going to hit us..
CROYDEN: Homeowner shot dead by black attackers despite desperate attempt by housekeeper.
Vela has scored 11 goals this season, including five in the last five games. Chicharito has 12 goals*. *Caveat: counting all goals with team, not just league play.
At first I was at a quandary as to what to sew for her. I really don't have many girls patterns (size 10/12) in my pattern stash from the big 4. As a matter of fact, I think the count is 4. So, I went on the net looking for tween patterns. What came up in my search were Farbenmix and Pink Fig patterns. Score. I already had them in my stash. Woo-hoo! The largest size on these patterns is 11, but I do believe that it will be easy enough to size up when the need arises.
We did manage to ask questions, shake hands, and sign up on the contact list, but we left with a lot more than brochures. We left with a goal in mind. We left with a direction. And its one that has guided many of the decisions weve made for our lives since.
I wanted to make something nice, so I went to one of my favorite Cricut cartridges 'Art Nouveau'. I have to admit it took some time and some wasted paper (don't worry I recycle) to get this finished. I tried a few different colours before I got to this; though I am still not pleased with the dark green but I didn't have much to choose from. I embossed the background with the Cuddlebug. This was a must as she bought it for me for Christmas. It's like wearing the sweater your grandma got you when you visit her. I really like how this turned out and I hope you do too.
His crying now seems more than a bit dishonest.
At the right point of his life he took sannyaasa and became known as Pujya Sri Anaakama Mara. He insisted that he should not be taken to the hospital should he fall sick, but some of his disciples did that anyway. After he recovered and came home he spent his days chanting the Rudram and other Vedas till his last day. He spent his last days in Bangalore, in my Gurujis gurukula at Vidyaranyapura.
He tells us how he has had a restless night with no sleep. He has had a fever, but after his wife prayed for him, the fever has left him. He tells us that he is tired, but must fight the war. After 2 hours he is visibly exhausted and after praise and worship we make our way back, slowly, between 200 000 men. No sooner do we reach out tent when a marshal rushes over with the news that we are needed urgently at the main stage for a patient who had collapsed. We make our way back through the endless crowds, eventually reaching the stage, only to find one of our ambulances already there.
Reflecting on my why, I realized just how right Nietzsche is. As long as I keep my why in mind, I can suffer through the hard parts. Reminding myself why I live and what I want to accomplish provides inspiration to keep on going, no matter how hard it gets.
Roy: Thats what I want to find out. I want you to tell me the names of the fellows on the St. Louis team.
2. I have rye bread, the Finnish version. And Im so happy. But I only got 10 bread left (20 slices) because someone ate four slices for breakfast this morning. I have to hold back. I want a rye bread right now! But if I eat everything now (yes, Im very capable of doing that) then Ill be without rye bread until someone sends me some (or brings me some).
values the strengths and dignity of every one.
Van Cleef & Arpels Lys Carmin
Communication is a constant problem. For starters, we are dispatched to our patients by an archaic paging system-- yes, pagers. That's how backward we are. And once in a while it doesn't work. Since our schedule is chaotic-- sometimes we have a day off when we're scheduled, and sometimes we're called in when we're off-- one would assume that if you're not paged, you're not working. But since the paging system is unreliable (sometimes not only do we not get a page that was sent, but when we call to confirm our assignment, sometimes that fails to go through too).
We welcome this announcement (SEE BELOW).
Truck drivers are under a tremendous amount of stress from the job and from being away from home so much, this can lead to mental health issues. This is such a common problem that the FMCSA Medical Review Board has suggested regulations be enacted so that doctors performing DOT physicals look for signs of depression.
And he knew. He knew from my look that it wasnt a call he wanted to take. Taking the phone out of my hand, he hung up on her without saying a word and tried to grab me as I buckled to the ground.
In addition to innovative brewing, Mammoth Brewing was one of the first craft breweries to distribute beer in cans. "Putting in a canning line was one of the first things I did at Mammoth, before the sale was even completed," recalls Turner. "We sell most of our beer around Yosemite and putting beer into cans made it much easier for hikers to carry into the forest. We've increased our output by a factor of three since 2006, and going to cans was a big part of that." The second largest region for Mammoth is the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area, as the beer is also popular with skiers.
Trois Pistoles
My Paleo books arrived today  so my next job is to do some serious reading! I am really looking forward to learning the science behind the diet and how it might improve my overall health and well being. We will see!
We all thoroughly enjoyed them.
Whisper White Cardstock
We answer questions. We talk. We give honest answers and logical explanations. We remind ourselves to keep our temper. (You didnt think the Consequences on our rule board was for the boys did you? It is actually to help calm ourselves and follow the steps so we dont get caught up in the heat of a frustrating moment.) We apologize to our children for any hurt and misunderstandings we cause. We do all these things because the ways we were raised and the different styles of parenting we encountered werent bad but werent the best. We took the best of those and incorporated them into our own style. Focusing on the why the bad parts were bad and how we can remedy those affects. Being parents is a tough job and it is often hard to put our ego in check. And though completely involving our children is a humbling experience, it is also a very worth while one.
Attention, the VHS Prom to Dawn Night at the Races for April 28th has been cancelled. Thank you to all who were involved!
. . . the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees came upon them, Being grieved that they taught the people. . .And they laid hands on them and put them in hold.
But, it turns out that of all things, a traffic jam in the pickles, olives, salad dressings aisle ended up giving me a big smile that will probably carry me through the day. I am not officially public as a transwoman yet, so I was just out in a fleece jacket, T-shirt, jeans, and running shoes, my hair in its normal braid down the back. No makeup, no attempts to add a few hints of femininity.
That Im supposed to.
Joe Flood is a journalist who has spent the last seven yearssince before he graduated from Harvardresearching the facts and implications of the epidemic of fires that swept through New York City in the 1970s.
D.H: Oops, Giants fumble, they recover. Driving, nuts! 4th down, field goal. (17-15).
All of the pages are held together with with three book binding rings. I scuffed the edges of the covering pages (dark brown card) to give them a thicker appearance and to hide some dubious cutting! LOL! I have also stamped a little just around the outside edge.
JESUS SAID, "IF ANYONE IS ASHAMED OF ME AND MY WORDS, THE SON OF MAN WILL BE ASHAMED OF HIM WHEN HE COMES IN HIS GLORY AND IN THE GLORY OF THE FATHER AND OF THE HOLY ANGELS."
Marie Spear: To my surprise, I found that I had to stop myself from reading into all the different tropes and traits we have looked at class while watching The Avengers so that I could focus on the fun happening onscreen. I like how the director was able to bring in heavy undertones like god vs. science, such as with Thor, or the struggle of dual identities, and still have the movie be a ton of fun. My only criticism is that it is a little too long.
There hasn't been too much else going on around here--just our normal every day stuff. J has been making different amigurumi items just about each day. I've been working with the yarn I showed in my last post. It's not an easy yarn to work with though so it's slow going.
Bad!
- Wet'n'Wild Mega Eyes Defining Marker
CRACKED definitely isnt a Im going to intentionally try and teach the reader a lesson kind of book. Truthfully, I find those types of books unsatisfying. I want to come to my own understanding from the story and the characters, not be bonked over the head with an authors message.
Then I found the compromise I was looking for. Fenders budget Squier range has something called a Vintage Modified Jazz Bass Fretless (model number 032660). Not a poetic name, I grant you, but its still quite a bass. Here is a link to the product page: http://www.fender.com/en-GB/products/search.php/?partno=0326608500
2/3 cup  1 cup nondairy milk (I used unsweetened coconut)
And show you what I mean
The Kirre is another dangerous, psionic predator. They resemble eight-legged great cats but with a pair of curving horns and a tail studded with barbed spikes.
Anyway... on with the freebie. It is 6 "what am I" poems and a recording sheet for students to write their guesses and support them with proof from each poem. I did it as a "Scoot" type activity where I put the kids into 6 groups, each group went to a poem, read the poem, wrote their guess/proof, and then "scooted" to the next poem on my signal. It was fun and interesting for me to see the difference in the thinking between the three grade levels! My K kiddos didn't quite get the "proof" thing, but the 1st and 2nd graders did well on that! Not having taught K before, being with the three littles that are in my intervention group has been fun!
But she said the issue of pedestrian safety did come up at a Highland parent council meeting one day after the accident. She said parents have some concerns, particularly with the expected increase in traffic brought by a new elementary school planned to open down the road from Highland in September 2007.
Of course, I should have anticipated this in advance. But whats interesting is that, had they wanted me and had I joined, we would have been in the curious position that the person who was by far the youngest in the band was trying to do all these old songs and the person who actually sang them originally could not remember how they went.
Then...I had a baby...and didn't get a chance to do the giveaway.
"...Ship Arriving Too Late..." and "...Dangerous Kitchen" were performed as improvisations, with Frank scatting the lyrics from a 3-ring binder. He had not yet written the music that would complete the songs. Early in the recording, you will hear an issue with Security when there was a ticket mix-up. It's a wonder that no one saw the recorder during all that.
Also, recruitment pros can read through the fluff so even though your resume reads Organized Retail Crime Specialist, we see Security Guard or Mall Cop, and it gives the impression that you are trying way to hard and probably dont have the concrete skill sets Im looking for.
Sweet Baby is a stamp from Fiskars cut on a 1" circle
~Sen. Gringo Honasan
Though it excludes religious groups, the New York City school boards policy permits private organizations to use school facilities for reasons that benefit the community. In addition to the 60 or so churches that meet weekly in the citys public schools, non-Christian religious groups use school buildings with less frequency.
Perhaps they should spell out that Queen of Teen is there to promote contemporary books with girls as main characters, well-written books which often handle difficult subjects with a light or humourous touch. That QoT recognises a bias against girls' fiction in the world of children's literature, and wants to reassure girls that the authors that they enjoy are more substantial and important than adults sometimes realise or recognise.
Maybe something from Gaps pregnancy range, for surely as Diana I could become pregnant?
For what it's worth, anyone who has complaints about my tone probably doesn't know me in real life at all. If you had any idea how much time I spend saying the word "fuck" you'd probably either not want to be my friend or you'd think I'm hilarious.
The famous video/BET award nominated director @MRBOOMTOWN has launched his record label @imboomtownmusic aka Boomtown Music Group. Mr. Boomtown has become a huge success as a video director and wishes to continue his success with his new record label. His first artist off his label is @Mongo_Slane & @Slimmboslice which make the group @Classy_Folk Classy Folk is a group out the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. Their music isnt like other artist you hear out of Dallas. You have to hear their music for yourself! With Mr.Boomtowns talents in the directing and Classy Folks talent in making HITS, they will take Dallas to another level in the music industry. Check em out!
Aloe Vera is a natural product that has been used in skin care products for centuries, known for its gentle healing properties, it can soothe most skin irritations.
And now you can find my images at Sweet Pea Stamps as Rubber Stamps too!
The excitement is mounting in our neck of the woods, our big Easter Fair is only days away, on Saturday 23 April and we are all looking forward to showing off our new kitchen extension, the Cottage renovations and updated Garden Entrance.......mind you, there is a bit of a push going on to put the finishing touches into place with a working bee this Saturday to lay the pavers, and of course we all have our fingers and toes crossed that the car park is finished in time.
The main aim during the design of the Cayman R was to improve the two-seater even further in its performance, driving dynamics and agility through consistent weight reduction. With a DIN unladen weight of just 1,295 kilograms (2855 lb) the Porsche engineers were able to reduce the power-to-weight ratio of the coupe with standard manual gearbox to 3.9 kilograms (8.6 lb) per horsepower, with the PDK version weighing 4.0 kilograms (8.8 lb) per horsepower. The largest savings were achieved through the use of lightweight components and doing without convenience equipment. As for the 911 GT3/GT3 RS and Boxster Spyder, an optional lithium-ion lightweight construction battery is also available. In addition, the top model in the mid-engine coupe is equipped with the lightest 19 inch wheels the entire Porsche range can offer. The complete rim set weighs less than 40 kilograms.
Are you in a funk because we dont have a Recap & Review for Glee this week? Well, thats what happens when the show is in repeats.
5) Theres a half loaf of crusty French bread on the counter. I should make bread pudding.
Mann makes his most evocative case when he describes the few works of pre-contact philosophy, poetry, and science that survive. Citing a poem about the power of art to transcend mortality, a theme completely familiar to poets in Europe and Asia, Mann contemplates the enormity of the loss to world culture when an entire hemispheres history of thought was wiped out virtually overnight:
The jewel-toned silk sank into his memory as she strode past, deepest ruby trailing on the wind behind her, shifting in dimension, thick with shadow, catching light. Flashes of heel as the fabric rose and fell, distracted him from the strangeness of traveling on five inch slivers, igniting regard for the art of having mastered it. He followed her, drink in hand.
I have a hard time accepting gym related defeat.
They teach us so many things and its how we put that knowledge to good use that matters. Writers should take positive aspects from their favourite authors and use it to bolster the creative framework for writing.
The Wicomico County School Bus Contractors Association (WCSBCA) is against the idea and has been since it was introduced two years ago, when Supervisor of Transportation for the district Dave Reeve said a committee decided they would be a worthy investment to help with safety and efficiency. But in summer of 2010 there were some issues with contractors. So we decided not to mandate it, but have a pilot year to get GPS systems on some buses. The first buses to have the tracking devices installed were those operated by Handys Bus Service and Holloway Transit, who also happen to be two of the largest contractors the district deals with.
Matha Stewart flower border punch
SO, I need to knock out as many of these I can during the weekends or theyre all potential all-nighters! Ill do my blog updates of everything that has been happening sometime after all these have settled down. See you then!
Shut out all the light
without thought
Your Reader's Choice Suggestions
Claim 1 requires separate center and end sections that are made of different
Shes three at that time
Hopefully we took a few notes from yesterday to apply to todays program? Any problems tumbling around? Did you do it gracefully or like a desk/office jockey?
O - Oman
American Beauty (Bruce Cohen and Dan Jinks, producers)
Work; school; a trip to the shops;
This may not mean much to you but it is so sweet when everything matches right down to the penny!!! Today it did!!
However, it was Luke who hurt himself. We hadn't been there 5 minutes and he had fallen down. He was wearing sandals so he got a cut on both feet where the sandals bit into his feet and each knee got skinned. Ouch! We slathered the owies with neosporin then he ran off. Next thing I know he'd buried his feet in the sand to "kill the germs". All this did was cause the sand to stick to the lotion around his wounds. great.
Summary: I dont know much about this kid but from what Ive read and the little tape (Highlight film) I did see, he has a good first step and good agility for and man his size. I like this pick because I think Seymour will be great for him to learn from and he can possibly play 5-tech as a 3-4 end.
Athletes and Chef are "meeting" monthly via telephone conference call, going over expectations for both the trials and the WEG. Everyone is getting pumped!
I know this is really forward, and youll have to figure out someway to keep it from your daughter but my girlfriend at work has two tickets to the Counting Crows show.
Welcome to Day Three of the Waltzingmouse February Release Previews. I hope you are enjoying all of the Design Team's previews thus far :)
Thanks for visiting. You are simply adored :)
Since my last post, I have to say that my life did a little shimmy to the left with a kick in the crotch followed by Ta-Dah with jazz hands. In other words, while it hasnt been all fun and games, sometimes it takes a jolt to reconfigure priorities and to get some perspective.
Ok, enough with the teapots already! And now for something completely different:
I really wasn't sure about making a 21st card so I opted for the Serena Stampsmith image as she is rather classy. Stamped on glossy card with archival ink. Then I added some black accessories to vamp her up a bit.
And I'll probably talk about that next time, whenever next time is.
Emily started sleeping through the night when she was about 11 weeks old - right before I went back to work (awesome!). That all changed once she was five months old. All of sudden Emily wanted to be awake in the middle of the night. Sleep was only optional. Again, I sat on the couch, in the middle of the night, with a crying baby telling myself, "This is only temporary. This is only temporary. This isn't going to last forever."
In a 2001 essay in the New York Times, Lous Uchitelle observed that politicians in the U.S. have preferred to define poverty solely in terms of income. Uchitelle argued that this approach would say that a family with adequate income is not in poverty, even if that family must continue to live in atrocious ghetto conditions because it cannot find alternative places where its members would be accepted and could thrive.
And dont worry, Mike continued with a smile. If you go to Hell Ill go there with you.
Sonaisali Island Resorts Managing Director, Aaron McGrath, said With being a family resort it was important to us to refurbish the family bures before we head into high season, where we find extended families vacation together. This is our only room type that can accommodate 4-6 people comfortably. The family market is very important to Sonaisali and we look forward to welcoming the first guests into these refurbished rooms.
Father of the Chapel
It's been a challenging week, but thankfully I've been able to work on some cards for a couple bloggy friends who could use a little boost. :o) The one I'm sharing today is for a friend who is injured. No worries, she's been warned to stay away from my blog until the card arrives. :o) If she steals a sneak peek, it's not my fault. ;) Teehee.
have to do with anything?
But what happens,
I made my first scrapbook for a friend in High School 20 years ago. I sort of took a break and then was introduced to Stampin' Up in 1996. A few cards here and there... then full on Scrapbooking started in 1999. I scrapbook and make cards on a pretty equal basis now and as much as I can.
The brief submission guidelines are as follows:
123. Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.  Zig Ziglar
If I lived here I, too, would ride a motor bike.
Speaking of her dad, this is the top reason to marry Swimsuit Issues. I know all of you screaming bloody murder about Courtney wont like this, just like a lot of you dont like that I think she is the Michael Jordan of Bachelor contestants, but her dad laid out the VERY LOW BAR for what he expects out of marriage. He even delivered the message with Oceans Eleven always-bet-on-black swagger. He said something like marriage is the greatest gamble a man can take and the odds are 50-50 so are you ready to roll the dice, bro. That is amazing.
Though there are problems with his script, writer and director Marcos Efron manages some beautiful shots, filming on location in Argentina. The stark contrast between a barren, burnt out wooded area, and the beautiful actress Amber Heard is startling, and, if nothing deeper, makes for a beautiful picture. The choice not to use subtitles for the Spanish speaking characters is a strong one, too, and one that brings the audience (the non-Spanish speakers in the crowd) closer to the two lead characters; just as the two girls do not know what is going on around them in this foreign country, neither do we, the audience, and that shared experience helps the audience connect with the main characters, if only a little. Efrons previous works were all in short films, and his first feature length effort shows promise, but ultimately falls short of memorable.
The New Black Panther Party has issued a wanted poster and 10k bounty for Zimmerman.
Both should have died long ago from arthritis and other maladies, but they were
"Today Government is announcing its first assessment of the need for reform of the design intellectual property framework. In May 2011, in his report to the Prime Minister, Professor Hargreaves concluded that design had a very important contribution to make to growth to the tune of 33 billion to be precise (and still a growth area!) and yet he was critical of the policy makers whose role in supporting IP in this significant branch of the economy had been neglected. So, the good news for designers is there has been a flurry of activity and ACID welcomed the opportunity to paint the picture of SME reality by providing solid evidence from a diverse set of case studies. These highlighted the often grim problems that design-led companies face. This, we were told, has provided a valuable and credible foundation for future policy in this first IPO assessment. Government plans to publish a formal consultation on how to proceed in late spring 2012".This is accompanied by a comment from ACIDs CEO Dids Macdonald:
For my Digi Bells DT Post today I decided to make a tag. I don't make many tags, but fancied doing something a little different and they are also a great way of using up your scraps!!!
We had a 5 week Easter break after Lent term during which I stayed in London and essentially did nothing but exam preparation. I went back through all of my notes and readings and condensed a years worth of material into 39 pages of Psychology notes, 13 pages of Anthropology notes, 13 pages of Accounting practice problems, and 15 pages of Economics practice problems. To be fair I think I may have gotten through the hardest part of exam revision already.
Another fun day with ikebana and tea ceremony. We started to learn another style of ikebana  and of course many of the rules for this style contradict the rules of the last style
The genocide of white South Africans is heating up.
2. I have no protruding ankle bone on the inside of my ankle. It's completely flat. And I cannot stand for anyone to touch it. If you try, I will kick you across the room.
My wife shared this verse with me todayHebrews 11:1 (MSG)
02 Avenue Of Trees
The hostess might pop over to give you a warm welcome, remember you have visited before and help with a cocktail selection. The Fragolino, a blend of Prosecco, fresh strawberry puree and Aperol is a no-brainer choice right now when California is producing some of the best strawberries you could ever hope to taste. So vivid is the red colour of the drink that arrives and so fragrant is the sweet taste, tempered only slightly by the bitter Aperol, that drinking it (impossible slowly) is akin to being a pink-dressed little girl in a candy shop. If you are looking for sophistication more befitting your age, you might try one of the more grown-up sounding choices, but then maybe you won't have as much unabashed fun drinking it.
She barely had the energy to cry to herself, but it was the only comfort left to her. The steam from her face was the only warmth she felt. It was the only thing alleviating the overwhelming sense of being fed up. It was bad enough that Jack was pushing her to have an abortion. Now she was hounded by unrelenting nausea. She could not see herself living like this for six weeks.
Can you have too much of a good thing? I loved the explosion of colors and patterns in these pictures, but have to admit that there may be a little bit too many things going on in the pictures! But they still make for some fun pictures!
Alas, my eyes want to stop
i heard a spider
most surprising of all Bernard from the Czech Republic. The shop also stocks a wide range of alcohol free wines (I hope they taste better than the one from Sainsbury's my wife and I tried the other weekend!), plus alcohol free ciders.
Hello My Pink Friends and Fans!
(And I thought I was the only one.)
Of course, there are a lot of unseen circumstances that could pop up as the season starts to wind down, but right now Red Bulls lack of race wins over the past month isnt anything to be worried about.
so without further ado here's what we got up to :
Finally, I could see the finish line up ahead. I tried to dig deep and find just a little bit more oomph. I did see Jason on the sidelines with the camera but I think I must have surprised him as he didn't get any good photos of me.
So strained in his ongoing battle with the world
standing with their feet in snow
Were proposing alternate forms of communication for some of the big events likely to be the most irritating in the months ahead.
There are heaps of rewards to be had including:
33. Bikram.
I wanted to wear this skirt again because...I think I'm going to give it up. I've gotten lots of wear out of it, but it feels very short to me. I'll always have the pictures if I miss it - including here, the last time I wore it.
I remember ordering a crab salad and Mike encouraged me to also have a glass of white wine. Once our lunch had arrived, and we were chatting comfortably, Mike said "I really would like to go to bed with you." I nearly choked and almost fell off my chair.
Once the page reaches bigger numbers we will be ready to give away some bigger prizes. TBR Exhaust, TBR S1 Pro stands, Juice Box Fuel Controllers and more.
i believe that we will make it through our difficult time
Despite the fact that this was my last Wednesday to teach my precious children in Bible school...
Think about it if you want to change your body, you dont just go the gym once and expect to be changed forever do you? No, to train a muscle you have to repeat your exercise over and over.
The bitchy girls still didn't speak to me. The only girl I hung out with was a high school friend who came out -- in the way that it is more commonly understood these days -- the following year and ended up living in the Bay Area. I happened to be there in 1993 on the same day as the Gay Pride Parade and let out the loudest Rebel yell you ever heard when I saw her marching.
least until modern times, such as why we have vampires in contemporary books, movies and television shows. According to the predominant mythology, every vampire was once a human, who, after being bitten by a vampire, died and rose from the grave as a monster. Vampires crave the blood of the living, whom they hunt during the night. They use their protruding fangs to puncture their victims' necks. At least the European ones anyway.
Chives, whether garlic or traditional, are better grown in pots by themselves. Basil is best on it's own too, and has so many wonderful varieties that it makes it hard to grow just one type.
If this has ever happened to you, dont worry  you arent alone! Thankfully, we have a multitude of wonderful resources in our LCNV library to help you target what the problem might be and great strategies to avoid it happening again in the future. One of these resources is the Vocabulary Teaching Handbook by Jayme Adelson-Goldstein. Published in tandem with the Oxford Picture Dictionary series, the Vocabulary Teaching Handbook is a 40 page resource meant for teachers just like you  working with adult ESOL learners.
Pierced through and murdered
Today I tried for something different....no card stock. Remember when cards were folded paper, not simply card stock folded in half? I used a 12x12 piece of scrapbook paper, folding it in half, printing the image (careful to position correctly) and then folding in half again. This adorable image is named Serenity, and definitely depicts my idea of a perfect afternoon. I've only worked with Prisma pencils this time, as the paper is too thin for markers and would surely bleed. I'm really pleased with the result, and think I've found a new use for some of those papers I have stashed away. (lol)
Since then, my ministry has developed and grown, including church and nursing home ministry, Christian radio employment, and now a pastoral and podcast ministry.
A Divine Appointment on the flight home  a pastors wife from Lancaster was flying back from Denver where her daughter is attending college. It was nice to once again connect to a total stranger through the bonds of Jesus.
Answers at the bottom of this post.
Sassoon married his first wife, Elaine Wood, in 1956, but the marriage ended in 1958 when she left Sassoon for British water-skiing champion David Nations. In 1967, Vidal Sassoon married his second wife, actress Beverly Adams. They had four children: two daughters, Catya (19682002), an actress who died from a drug-induced heart attack, Eden (born 1973), and two sons, Elan (born 1970) and David. Sassoon and Adams divorced in 1980. His third wife was Jeanette Hartford-Davis, a dressage champion and former fashion model; they married in 1983 and divorced soon after. In 1992 he married Ronnie.
The timing couldnt be better as this is one of the classes Im teaching at Quiltmakers Block Party in Williamsburg, VA in August! We couldnt show it to you before this point, because it had to come out in the magazine first  and now you know!
May is National Barbecue Month, like we need a reason to BBQ.
"It has been observed and the testimony is there from several women that have been abused by their husbands both verbally and physically. Many have testified and it seems commonplace for many husbands to take in younger women and commit adultery with them even in the presence of their wives. They also talk down to them and say, they are not pretty any more," they physically abuse them and the multiple bruises display the evidence. What is worse is law enforcement looks the other way and allows this moral evil to take place daily.
The Buncheong exhibit of Korean ceramics at the Asian will be closing January 8th and as it's a free day at the Asian, try to check the exhibit out before it closes.
If you dont like a word or phrase, dont use it. Explain why, if you like, to anyone willing to listen. But banning everyone everywhere from ever using it is futile and heavy-handed. Not only that: its a clich.
Although his term as PM in 1992-3 ended in disaster (the PS was reduced to 53 seats) Brgovoy is more widely celebrated for his two stints as finance minister in the 80s and early 90s, when he is widely credited with turning around Frances economic performance under Mitterrand, after a disastrous start and, crucially, with bringing under control (if never quite eliminating) the countrys budget deficit. For this, you can see him as a sort of French Denis Healey, the Labour chancellor who battled courageously against the serial financial crises of the 1970s.
8.) The Silver Chair (UK, 1990)
Im justice wrapped in a plastic bag pressed against a whores ass
In fairness, such women are also likely to be impregnated by white men, but statistically when that happens, they are less likely to be abandoned.
Says the bloke in black.
2010.08.20 Thailand Yala 1 0 A 63-year-old civilian is shot to death by Muslim terrorists.
I decided I wanted to go to Culinary School and become a chef, only to find out my passion was actually the dessert part of the culinary world. While learning everything there is to know about meat, seafood, poultry, soups, stocks , and sauces , I could only daydream about pastries. After graduating in 1999 with my culinary degree I decided to work in a hotel in the Pastry Dept. I learned so much in the time that I was there and the hours were grueling. Sometimes 16 hour days, nights, weekends, and holidays. After 3 years I was completely exhausteed and needed a change. I then decided to hit the bakery scene. This is where I found my true love...cake decorating. I think I shocked myself with an artistic ability I never knew I had. So, this is where my story begins about a life full of motherly duties and cake decorating/designing. Until next time.
31. The Green Goddess - Argosy 6 parts Jan 31, Feb 7, 14, 21, 28, Mar 7
The recipe relies on using store-bought frozen bread dough, thawed, and an overnight rise in the frig while Santa makes his rounds. Pop it in the oven while opening presents and the scent of warm cinnamon throughout the house is what a holiday morning is all about.
Wildlife Biologist (I don't know your name :)
Just because my tears turned into stones
I used the fabulous sketch from MFTWSC. What I LOVE about the sketches at MFT is that they coordinate with their stamps perfectly. It makes for using their products a piece of cake.
Golden Dawns rhetoric resonates with Greeks who blame rising crime on the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants flocking to the countrys porous borders.
I fed this to myself, Mr.4444, and three young college guys who thought it was fantastic. It's as delicious as it is pretty!
Later in life, however, he was drawn to the writings of an influential American Muslim who served as the spokesman for the militant Nation of Islam.
One of the tallest buildings in Solitude is now before me. And I know which one it is. The Bards College design is intricate, regal, and grand. I feel humbled to gaze upon such splendor.
He inches closer, kissing me on my forehead. "Good night babe. I love you so much and I'm so sorry about this fish shit. Sleep tight."
Also note that I'm sporting a batman watch that you probably can't see in both pictures.
From the depths of my bottomless soulI mean heart,
With the first glass of Guinness 250 gone and still facing half a plate of bangers and mash, I ordered a glass of New Belgiums Hoptoberfest, which must be some sort of locally protected secret because when I took my seat at the pub I made a point of asking the waitress what seasonals were currently available and all she offered was Sam Adams Octoberfest. (I shouldnt beef too much; at least my waitress clued me in to the Guinness 250 sale, right?) Lucky for me I overheard another waitress telling other patrons about the Hoptoberfest. Well, sort of lucky. I was expecting something on the order of a marzen but this one arrived lager thin and only slightly darker than a Bud or a Coors. The hop smell is right up front with this one and the taste is hoppy and sweet, reminding me of another beer that Im still unable to recall. Hoptoberfest is decidedly unlike any other New Belgium offering Ive had in the past.
Hiyaaa! tells our schedule for this week: Monday - 11:30-1:30pm private event; Tuesday - 11:30-1:30pm, 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City; Wednesday - 11:00-2:00pm Off the Grid Front St and Vallejo Street, San Francisco; Thursday - 11:30-1:30pm, 901 Gateway, South San Francisco; Friday - 11:00-2:00pm, Off the Grid: 5th and Minna, San Francisco; Friday - 5:00-9:00pm, Word on the Streats, Westmont High School, 4805 Westmont Avenue, Campbell; Saturday - 11:00-5:00pm, Dutch Queens Day, Dutch Windmill Golden Gate Park, San Francisco and Sunday - 10:00-4:00pm Treasure Island Flea Market, Treasure Island. Our schedule is subject to change, pls check back with us daily. Thank you!
I served these with leftover takeout rice and a salad, and I saved the leftovers for lunches  I bet they will be good cold.
The first drop will start in Cockermouth with both Christchurch and All Saints wards completed by the end of the month.
Because the Manhattan project was a government/military project, a career officer named General Leslie Groves was placed in charge. In an unfortunate juxtaposition of personalities, Groves was a micromanaging, toe-the-line, precision-in-everything, engineering-mentality kinda guy. Thats not bad per se but most of the folks he was now in charge of were more, ummmnn, theoretical than that. Take the brilliant Leo Szliard who was responsible for many breakthroughs in this field. Leo did his best thinking in the bathtub or on long walks. To a guy like Groves, lying in the bathtub for half a day was not an effective use of time. Except, of course, that it was.
1. A reliable way to test is to assess the percentage of payments in various casino games. As is known, has the advantage of casino roulette 2,7% in any strategy players. Thus, if the casino has a payout percentage below 2.7%  is reason to think (assuming that this game plays a lot of people to obtain a statistically significant sample size). This technique also works fine with slots and Baccarat, but in games with a variety of rates (bones) or where the result depends on the actions of the player (poker, blackjack), it will falter. But even here the possibility for statistical analysis is, so you can analyze the frequency of the combinations of cards or dice etc. The question is, who will conduct such an analysis. If a casino on the site publishes a number of payments, then the players will not trust them unreservedly, these figures should be someone to check. Many casinos have resorted to this end to the independent auditing firms, which keep records of all results of games and then issue a generalized conclusion on the payments. True, they are still having issues: firstly, a casino can make a deal with the auditor (in the light of scandals involving Enron, and so this can not be excluded), and secondly, a doyles room rakeback can bring their own players, who will win and lead statistics to normal numbers. However, the likelihood of falsification of the results of an audit opinion is not too large, so that now audited large firms (BMM, PWC) can be trusted.
Lill: I know right? My Brazilian hasnt even gotten me the dude that hands out fried chicken flyers in our lobby.
Lizzy and Joseph come to rely on each other for moral support until the night she is assaulted and disappears. Joseph charges headlong into a clumsy campaign to "rescue" other girls who might also be in danger. He quickly realizes that some people don't want to be "rescued" and that he must change his attitude--and perception of people--if he is going to affect some change in their lives. His search for Lizzy and others, like her, pushes him to become that better man.
xoxo Wendy
It is easy to judge, it is not so easy to live.
Well due to the camping, day 8 actually took a few days. i plan on extending it a bit, simply by going down the list sending beau thankful texts on his lunch break (he cant take phones to work and loves to get texts :) . I should have brought the bad list camping, it would have been easy to burn. But in general i frown on burning things in the house so i just threw it out lol. gone is gone right.
Clearly they capture my love of color, and people and life... in a big way.
The provision is criticized on the grounds that it would allow for the freezing of assets without a court ruling. The draft also envisages heavy penalties and fines. It calls for jail sentences of up to 10 years to those funding terrorist organizations or terrorists, even if the money is not directly used for a terrorist crime.
Again chilled well in advance for after work on St Pats day and poured in the same fashion as the Guinness Draught can. Kilkenny is a very different beast, This what my mates have at the irish pub if they are not keen on the black stuff.
1. You probably wouldn't recognise me in real life. I don't mean in terms of looks (ok that too, I mean come on - that header photo was 5.5 years and 2 babies ago!!) but personality wise. I'm a shiny, happy, cheerful, chirping, competitive, teasing, challenging person in real life. Not sure what I portray on here, it's definitely accurate, but it is one facet of me - the facet that I don't really allow people in real life to see.
Concerns regarding the ANCs attempts to curtail freedom of media persist. The party periodically invokes the spectre of a media appeals tribunal, which would see statutory regulation of the media. Also of concern is ANCs growing hold over the countrys public broadcaster, the South African Broadcasting Corporation.
And offbeat.
Whoever started this trend of designer collaborations with high street brands particularly H&M has to be patting himself in the back now. Its such a genius idea really. It makes certain designer brands more accessible while upping the cachet of high street. The thing I realized once I had left the zone and could observe the people to my heart's content is how varied the people inside were. You literally had all sorts of women--young fashionistas, old to be my mother types, working women and social wise- I think they came from all strata. There were a number of women there who looked like they could clearly afford the "real"Marni but had nonetheless been in line and had grabbed stuff for themselves. One woman even did the queue twice!! Is it because they're Marni fans and as such, will buy at any price? Are they looking for a deal?
I believe in teaching each child to recognize their strengths, so they build a solid foundation within themselves. I provide them with the encouragement to continue building.
It has been a wonderful four years! I have met many new stitchers. They are as varied as the grains of wheat. They have laughed with me, cried with me and more importantly stitched and frogged with me.
I groomed and tacked Oliver, and we got ready to ride. Luckily, the rider before me was working on some of the same things I have been ("Get off your inside rein!", "If you ask incorrectly, it isn't his fault!" etc), so listening to the end of her lesson while we warmed up was a nice mental refresher on what we had been doing.
Grant did really good today. He was a bit shy at first, but he warmed up pretty quickly. He has really improved in just one week's time. They asked me if we had been practicing at home. They did some warm ups, practiced kicking it in to the goal, passing back and forth and they did some throw ins. The also played bubbles and with the parachute.
In the image above - From top to bottom:
In the case of your computer, you can try to close some programs to slow things down, get the priorities straightened out. That is the healthy way to deal with it. The worst thing you can do, in a fit of frustration and confusion is a cold shut down - turn it off - pull the plug. After you have done that you have run the risk that you can't get your computer back. It could be gone forever.
Eventually, we were all super pissed that these shallow, drunk assholes had ruined our fun night, we went home. None of us even threw a punch or retaliated in anyway and no one was hurt except for Angel, because he stepped on some glass it went through his shoe. Other than that, not a scratch.
In the specific sense, flows of wealth can be used to trace out the structure of empire, which is a more complex matter than the basic outline discussed so far might make it seem. Its entirely possible that a long time ago, when empires were new, there might have been one or two that consisted, on the level of nations, of a single imperial nation and a circle of subject nations; and on the level of populations, of a single ruling class and an undifferentiated mass of oppressed subjects. If empires this simple did exist, though, it was a very long time ago.
I also asked Cox what level of prosecutorial misconduct would be necessary for Congressman Price to support a Justice Department inquiry into Nifongs behavior. Cox didnt say.
Im not getting any sort of goodbyething. This is actually a bit irritating to me.
The first two were selected for the Royal West of England Academy Open Photography 2. Although I can't be absolutely sure whether mine were the only iPhone images on display, they were certainly the only two to be labled as such. Some of you might recall that January Walking: Out Of Signal was shot on New Year's Day, when I was lost, halfway up a Welsh hillside, and my iPhone was well and truly out of signal. The friend who we were with at the time has since assured us that he now knows the hill at the back of his house as well as he knows the back of his hand. The second photograph depicts a journey that we know quite well as we have taken it once for the last eight years. Pilgrims Of Light, Last Ascent To The Red Cross was shot during our last night at the 2010 Lyon Festival des Lumires, as we made our way up the side of the steep cliff that led back to our hotel in the Croix Rousse District.
or soft buns
Ribbon from stash
Heres the big secret.
Round Face: Take an angle
This epiphany came at just the right moment, too, because what should appear on the beer cooler's shelves but the autumn seasonal from Sierra Nevada--a brown ale called Tumbler. I didn't even pause to read the description - brown ale? Hell yeah!
Now, though, we learn that a Chinese firm has been "secretly" copying an entire UNESCO-listed village in Austria, called Hallstatt. Residents of the original town are "scandalized," Der Spiegel reports, by these "plans to replicate the villageincluding its famous lakein the southern Chinese province of Guangdong."
The UK One Direction also comprises of five members: singers Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson. The band was formed after the singers entered as solo artists on the UK X-Factor 2010 and were put together as a group. They finished third in the competition, behind Matt Cardle and Rebecca Ferguson. To date, they were part of the X-Factor tour and in recent weeks they have given performances in New York and Sydney. Their debut single 'What Makes You Beautiful' topped the charts in the UK and Ireland (No 4 in the US) and their debut album Up All Night topped the charts in the US, Australia and Canada (No 2 in the UK).
Why is it that when I see you, laughter comes out first?
My main goal of sending my second daughter to a French school is not to teach her French. My goal is to let her brain get stimulated by being in a little more structured environment than being with me and by interacting with other kids. This place is for small kids to play and thats great. My daughter wants it. My friends daughter and mine are the oldest there, but I dont need to put my 2-year-old in an educational environment yet.
But swear to God I didn't know about twirting. So maybe some of you who follow my tweets on twitter have been twirting away in the most stilted way possible. If you were I'm sorry - I just didn't notice!!!
What Is Speculative Fiction?
Two new touches were added to the Career Show in 2011. The show, in a revised and larger layout thanks to a massive expansion of the Indiana Convention Center, featured a new pattern of organization by career cluster areas. Additionally, a new AutoWorld section was added with exhibitors from various automotive and racing industries.
In this way, borrowing and lending multiply phenomenally our God-given enjoyment of the material creation, and our potential for being thankful to God for all these things and glorifying him through our use of them. In borrowing and lending, we can reflect many of Gods attributes. We can demonstrate trustworthiness and faithful stewardship, honesty, wisdom, love, and mercy.
Behaviour of real men  in general
Dont believe in going to church?
and books
Standing on this mountaintop
But it takes being willing to dive into that messy, chewy middle of things. And then, making a choice to be glad, to honor the process of transforming the feelings.
Half-finished gifts of childish friendship
Here is some inspiration from the fabulous Pixies:
I know he won't be in the military forever, but until he is out for sure and we can stay in one place I feel like it's going to be extremely difficult for me to have a successful career doing something I love. Heck, even having the opportunity to finish school in one place would be nice, which at this point won't happen since we don't have too much time left in Virginia.
BAM is so unique. There are probably zillions of books to be written about BAM. There are so many ways to look at this material.
Our beans are coming up, which is good. One bad however is Im not sure well be able to get our goat, as we have to still pick up Silvers medications, some are going to be very helpful as his new doctor has prescribed some high dose and low dosed pain killers for depending on how bad his RA is acting up. We are also trying out a new (for him) anti-inflammatory, that so far seems to be helping; but he has only taken it one day so far. So we will see.
Shamen Ebeneezer good UK
So now that you all know I went to town, I couldn't go looking like a frump, which is why I decided on the bright lips! I had initially done a smokey eye, but for some reason it just wasn't working for me! I know its a little smoky, but it isn't exaclty what I was looking for. I ended up covering it with a yellow pigment called "Pineapple" from GOSH cosmetics. I think the base layer was MAC in Knighted. I wasn't thrilled with the way my eyeshadow turned out, but I was WAY too lazy to take it all of and start new! Regardless, I think I looked okay and nobody stared at me funny, so I guess that's a bonus! The only thing I had to constantly watch was lipstick on my teeth! For some reason, yesterday was a terrible day for that! But whatever I suppose, it's happened to all of us, so I'm not going to let it get me down! I will for sure be wearing something similar to this again!
Many people like to think that being uninsured is a choice. And theyre correct, in the sense that you can choose not to buy insurance. I get that. But many people choose not to buy insurance for the sole reason that its crazy expensive. The average  not gold plated, but average  employer sponsored insurance plan for an individual plan in the United States last year was $5429. And that was just the premium. It didnt include deductibles, co-pays, or co-insurance. The average family plan was $15,073. The median salary in the US, on the other hand, was less than $50,000 for households. For individuals, the median paycheck is $26,364. When youre making that amount, and you lose your job, paying for that insurance plan is no longer possible. Paying for COBRA is even harder, as its usually more expensive. I kind of wonder why I am wading back into this topic. Experience has shown me that it's become such an ideological shibboleth that the true believers are completely impervious to reason and data. I'm like a moth to the flame, I guess. I just can't leave it alone. Someone is wrong on the internet.
I had the opportunity to do a teeny impromptu shoot with some very special puppies. Here are my faves from the bunch.
While at the gallery, please look for Silent No Longer which took an Honorable Mention in "Earth" the special themed show running concurrently at the Art League Gallery this month. I am particularly pleased that this painting received an award in this show because it seems especially appropriate. The painting is of a brook flowing through the salt marsh at the Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge in Wells, Maine and its title is a tribute to Ms. Carson and her book "Silent Spring." Due to her research and writing on the harmful effects of DDT on wildlife and the subsequent legislation banning its use, our springs are NOT silent. Can you imagine the birds filling the early morning air with their twittering and trills as they greet the rising sun?
First, some cartoon ones...
I would like to thank all the people that have left comments, emailed me and poped by. It means alot and its nice to see what people have to say in response to my writing.
Trendwise, as we move from bright color and glossy finishes toward more organic based palettes,
As the four men approached the buildings door, Xu Guan lost sight of them. He heard the lock rattle as they checked the door. Then, he head footsteps as they rounded the corner of the building to the back where the barrels sat along the buildings wall. Xu Guan could hear footfalls in the soft dirt and nothing more. Abruptly, the movement stopped. They had spotted the barrel that sat over his rabbit hole, Xu Guan was sure of it.
even though my tastes have changed over the last 8 years, i still really love this mirror...it just needed a quick update. (don't you love how filthy the mirror is? that's what happens when you leave a large mirror at "kid level" for a solid week...i don't even want to know that that huge drip in the middle is....)
TOSHIBA AND MICROSOFT COZY UP: Toshiba and Microsoft have signed a patent cross-licensing deal enabling the two companies to use each other's patents freely in the computer and audiovisual equipment sectors.
The Macys Parade would not be complete without a little razzle dazzle from some of the nations best performance groups. They add a dose of pomp and cheer, not to mention flips, dips, spins and vocal acrobatics. From cheerleaders to a Bollywood dance ensemble, this years Parade features a host of unique performers. Set to wow the crowds are performers from the Arya Dance Company, Big Apple Circus, Spirit of America Dance, Stage Door Manor, Stepper-ettes, Tap City Youth Ensemble, US Pizza Team, Varsity Spirit Cheer and The Young Americans.
For the past 2 days Ive posted about the babies born where I live. To recap: biggest city in Canada and most multicultural city in the world. On the first day I focused on the boys names, and on the second day the girls. I categorized them by their rank on the US popularity list for 2010.
I've made this set by combining this yarn...
I immediately thought wide angle, low viewpoint and day for night lighting technique.
On the eighth day of Christmas
The Hare was a sacred animal associated in Roman legends with springtime and fertility. In other areas, this moon was known as the Pink Moon, named after the flowers that began to appear, including the widespread grass pink or wild ground phlox. Other variations indicate more signs of full spring, such as Sprouting Grass Moon, Egg Moon, and Fish Moon (common among coastal tribes).
Continue to whisk til thick and bubbly.
-The Jokes: Seth annoyed me with his Seth-ness only once or twice. B-
How cute are they?
Charlies Adventure, Continued:
So then we have to take into account what they really want in their world, which, as sad as it is, may not be us.
The Munich nymphomaniac claims a second victim after 36-hour sex ordeal.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) had the biggest stand with separate areas for PCs and printers.
Lately, I felt like God had been impressing on me to only write good thingscompliments people gave me, ways He used me, blessings in my life. I didnt know why He wanted me to do this, but I felt compelled to do it.
In other words, you just put in your blogs base address, and add link: in front of it.
-Its beautiful- so many lovely pictures.
The Second Decade (11-20) by @UcheAnne
Philip took a sip of the beer and a rush of flavors overcame him. At first sweet, then quickly shifting to sour and then tart. It was unlike anything he had ever drank before. He took a few minutes to give his taste buds time to recover and then took another sip.
I want to be helpful, but im so flummoxed i cant write anything that makes sense here, or in response to other folks blogs. I apologize if my comments are shitty. Im not thinking clearly.
I have been very busy working on something I am soooooooo excited about!!!! I am still crafting and loving it, and I am taking it to new heights! Almost a year ago, I knew that I wanted to make art that would be very sentimental to others. I had made a shadow box for a friend and the way it touched them just warmed my heart. I knew that I needed to take my talents in papercrafting and offer it to others. As some of you may know, I work full-time at a fortune 500 company and while I enjoy the work I do for this company, I don't get the sense of community that I get through papercrafting. So, my solution.....
My simmering contemplation of the current crisis was crystallized by two chance readings that, on the surface, seemed unrelated. The first began as a conversation about teaching I was enjoying with a friend in the Philosophy Department who glancingly referred to the only essay on education that Hannah Arendt ever wrote  and its all about the American educational system  did I know of it? I raced home and pulled Arendts classic collection, Between Past and Future, from my shelves.
Because I love you, you big dork.
I dont mean the penny. Dont you feel as if someones looking after us?
I don't know much about the sets these are from, but this first one is from 1939 so the war had just begun, but not for the US yet where the set was printed. They seem to be pretty rare and auctions at real auction houses usually have full sets going for outrageous prices.
He was beginning to realize their roles had changed.
you up!
Stolik opened his mouth to reply, but was cut off by the piercing sob of the guide, who was now hurriedly pouring salt all around himself. He kept muttering eretnik, eretnik. What did that mean? Heretic? Was this some kind of religious nonsense among Jews?
Then we go drive our alternative yet still equally gas and oil dependant hybrid cars, of which everyone else is also marketed to about their unique and conservation oriented styles, even though the creation and disposal of their batteries is secretly worse on the environment than ten years of the exhaust created from driving an SUV. And the battery must be replaced after five or six years! And so we drive feeling better somehow about our insignificant pollution as we sip on one of 30 unique plastic bottled water brands marketed as environmentally friendly and recyclable, which it so happens are all owned by 4 major conglomerate corporations which are owned through collective investments by our government.
* Stanford University - California (USA)
Not for nothing did the mayor have both Wood and Cock in his name. He should have included Plonker, too. His erection almost brought down the beautiful medival gable.
Schnen Samstag Euch allen! Es ist wieder Zeit fr eine neue Ausgabe des Stempeleinmaleins. Januar ist ja bekanntlich Schnupfen-Zeit. Und wenn man dann schon immer Naseputzen muss dann doch bitte zumindest Taschentcher aus einer schnen Box verwenden! Und darum gibt es diesmal eine Anleitung fr ein Tissue-Box-Cover.
6. Now add tomato paste and tamarind paste to the mix and saute for another 3-4 mins.
Thank you for stopping by today!
The boy in Penny Dolan's book really is a boy and not a mouse, fortunately since I have brought him into such close proximity with the Tygrine Cat.It's rather a treat to have found two good junior novels to blog about. And A Boy called M.O.U.S.E. is a treat in itself. It's a chunky read at nearly 450 pages but will suit just the right child reader - as well as me!
- I love trying and getting pregnant.
Lets call this song exactly what it is (what it is, what it is, what it is)
Cause every time I said opinion on somethinglike my personal opinion, I know I was 18 all my opinions werent great or idealthey werent flawless. For every single opinion of minehe didnt say stupid or so. He tried to push me his opinion, like if his opinion was better. And he used to say I have limited perspective. So that was that
I tried this primer several different times many different ways. I tried applying with my finger, then waiting a few minutes to make sure it was totally dry before putting shadow on. I tried putting it on with a brush to see if that would work. I also tried setting it with a powder and got the same exact result. At $14 bucks a tube I was going to pull out all of the stops before deeming this product a flop!
7. Shock Rock- I love this song; its short and sweet and is one of the heavier, more electronic numbers on the Tanx album. Its one of my favourite songs because its so simple and meaningless- it doesnt get better than this.
Uh...thanks, Freddie, but I don't know..."You will come to Seoul soon?" No.
Bake in a hot oven for about 30 minutes, or until golden-brown and firm-middled.
I hope I can get back into writing about it.
1/2 cup packed golden brown sugar
Borion Enterprise Ltd, is part-owned by a Sarawak timber magnate Ngui Ing Chuan, a major shareholder of the Taib-linked company Ta Ann. Ngui also owns Borion Enterprise Sdn Bhd and Borion Shipping Sdn Bhd, both Malaysian companies based in Sarawak.
The news of the bankruptcy struck me pretty hard. I was on an after school date with my boyfriend and I bursted out in tears in front of him. I wasn't sobbing my false lashes off because my college dream was crushed, but because I couldn't help but think about Betsey Johnson herself.
Dylan 1:40 Andrew 1:52
Maintaining a desirable body weight also is important. People who are 20% or more over their ideal body weight have an increased risk of developing coronary artery disease or stroke.
We had better success the second day with a huge slice of pizza each at a little place near the Brooklyn Bridge ($20 for 4 big slices and 4 drinks). For dinner that night we chose Lasagna, an Italian restaurant near our hotel in Chelsea. You don't even want to know how much our meal cost, but it was totally worth it. The food was excellent and the service spectacular, and we got to eat outside on the sidewalk, watching the passersby. Again, we chalked that cost up to experiencing New York.
Artist - Title
My second beer from Rogue, thanks to the Cask Kitchen & Pub bottle sale. Their timely sale (to create space in their massive fridges) allowed me to buy a few nice bottles for home drinking.
Ive been staring at our wordpress.com site for a few months now, figuring out how and what to update on. I think in our world of endless information/stimulation, its hard to make something news worthy these days, no?
The yellow map of Scotland just got very red in the south.
Forcibly enslaved, brutalized, and exploited, Africans were transported to the Caribbean as workers, without pay and human rights, irrespective of age, place of birth, occupation or gender, from the womb to the tomb, from sunrise to sunset; they worked constructing the Caribbean civilisation known today. Africans in the Caribbean were economics (Williams 1944), financially valued, particularly for their workplace knowledge, skills and experiences, but they were also chattel, part of the plantation livestock, opened to be sold at the enslavers whim. The data of the 312 workers analysed here were gleaned from the 1817 British Colonial Office census recorded at a time when much of the eastern Caribbean economy was controlled by the United Kingdom  the sole beneficiary of the vast profits from sugar production in thousands of sugar plantations across the Caribbean, such as Wingfield. Periodically, the United Kingdom Colonial Office demanded census data about the Caribbean economy it controlled. It is from within this context that the raw data analysed here is taken. The 1817 census was an inventory of the enslavers stock of Africans people. The inventory was used as a guide to the evaluation and calculation of compensation costs for the loss to the enslaver of valued stock on the so termed abolition of physical enslavement. As a predominately young, highly skilled workforce, Africans in the Caribbean, according to the 1817 census, possessed a diverse range of social and economic knowledge, skills and experiences which enabled immediate participation in sugar production. Many workers were captured and transported with their transferrable occupational knowledge and skills, both social and human capital, developed within the African context, and would have used this learning immediately within the Caribbean context. Many workers may have been educated and trained in one of the many African-centred occupational community of practice, or workplace apprenticeships, a common each one teach one approach. New generations of Africans bred in the Caribbean were also educated and trained in the community of practice framework sustained by the Elders in the occupational community.
Now go back to Destiny Islands, a dogs real busy
I was at a concert during their rise to the top.
Another of my favourites and a very popular stitch among beaders is spiral rope. Also known as spiral rope chain, spiral staircase or spiral stitch, it is very versatile and you can make it as simple or as embellished as you like.
P.S. If you want to see the entire post,
And finally, for now at least (ha!), I took the plunge and purchased the kit from LearningHerbs.com. Hooray! I love herbs and we use a fair bit of herbal remedies, but I get frustrated with my lack of knowledge. I had looked into herbalist classes in the past, but couldn't figure out how to make the time and effort to do that. But this is a kit that takes the learning through project by project. Hopefully, by the end of my kit experience, I will have enough basic knowledge to continue to self-teach until I feel ready to take full-on classes. Or maybe I will be satisfied for a time with my level of knowledge. Who knows? At any rate, my kit should arrive in a few days.
I thought they sounded delicious and made them for dinner to have with some filet steak
Since I'm in between novels, I'm taking a break from writing. I've been doing artwork, like the mini fabric art to the right. It involves tiny scraps of material glued onto mat board. This one is 2.5 x 3.5 inches.
In a large pot, boil water. Once boiling, add dry pasta and cook to al dente.
Equal Money System has moved up my priority list from the perspective of what I give value to of How I organize and prioritize myself with regards to what I give attention to. In the beginning it wasnt even on the list! Now it is The main point of focus in my life, along with other Desteni Process related things, which at this stage is focused on the Point of Brining Forth an Equal Money System.
$6 COCKTAILS
Table of Contents :
The dark side of the moon Im talking about is much more personal. Consider this fair warning that the following is not all rainbows and unicorns and although Fletch is one of the funniest movies ever (at least in terms of movie lines), I dont find this story funny at all. In fact, Id like to file a complaint with somebody or at least get a free toaster for my troubles.
It is all so harsh and unhappy
Does that happen to you? Maybe its just me, my tolerance for boredom and ennui has gotten so ingrained that the minute stuff starts happening, I go all blooey?
Thursday.1/26/12: Play Catch
Mr Evans has been accused of racism after telling a black scientist he could not see her in a dim BBC studio.
Malema has paid little heed.
It is a form of selfishness, I cant bear their pain and or the idea of losing the people I love.
If youre in over your head lift it up,
& yesenia
Today was a super busy day!
15. Budget - Sold
A final word of wisdom from Ms. Porter: Within the next 10-15 years from now, if people dont get more involved in what is going on in this community, it is going to go back to the way it was.
1 price
Should get me about 1.055, 14 IBUs, and 34.2 SRM.
1975  One Flew over the Cuckoos Nest
So far we have (and I use the term WE very loosely here)
Amid all of this, theyve also lost their baked beans. Despite the citys moniker as bean town, and the proliferation of comfort-food joints, gastro-pubs and heritage cooking, Boston-style baked beans have become woefully under-represented here. Durgin Park is recommended on a few sites, and Citizen Public House serves them with one entre, but overall it seems local eateries are more keen on polenta and poutine than the humble bean. Why are local chefs ignoring one of the areas greatest culinary traditions?
Not exactly. Getting it around was important, sure, but otherwise it was just a symbol (youre catching the recurring motifs (youre seeing how all the terms are coming together (sah da tay*))) of responsibility. At this point thats what the titles are. They dont really symbolize anything in and of themselves, and they should have the indoctrinating effect of the ring from Lord of the Rings or Pamela Anderson in Baywatch or, if youre like me, Rosario Dawson if she had hardly anything on (and it is AWESOME to see that).
4/5
Amber laughs, "Yeah because I make an effort. You're just too approachable and you really need to wear more makeup you could be so pretty." I know I should be offended but it's too funny. Plus apparently I could be pretty if I only tried harder!
Edit...
Opt 4 ending the violence!
This is super important if you have an author thats branching out into young adult, middle-grade, or childrens and as an agent, you need to manage both sides of the career.
Tidy gave a huff that was somewhere between a snort and a sneeze.
My mother, Juliana, was a wonderful person, and you would expect me to say that, but I dare anyone to prove me wrong. She was blessed with a spectacular operatic voice, one of such wonder and beauty that she appeared as a child on local radio shows, and had a chance at a contract with the CBS Radio Network.
Last afternoon and night were a bit of a challenge  The good feelings went somewhat. But I was happy to wake up this morning in a better mood.
Author: Ann Hodgman
Hands up who spent most of christmas day travelling around the countryside trying to please everyone and feeling exhausted by the end of the day!
The mysterious black, label-free bottle in the picture is of course the Beau, which usually wears a coat like this -
Now, if you new to the platform and lack "geek" knowledge, we suggest you visit the site tumblring.net, which basically focuses on Tumblr Tips, Tutorials and Guides to provide you with a quick solution when trying to customize your site within Tumblr.
When I saw these two "young people" images I knew I just had to scrap a layout of my grandson Aidan and his best friend Sophie. She is the "older woman" being 9 to his 8 and is the centre of his world (just look at how he LOOKS when he is with her.) Sophie is an independent, creative and very, very smart young lady who has NO fear and is the first to come up with another great creative play idea. And while Aidan is also very imaginative and very smart he tends to be the more analytical of the two and he plays a more supporting role in their relationship. I love watching them together and I just love how these two Steampunk images captured my vision of their two personalities.
88 minutes - City are minutes away from buying their first title! No doubt theyll be looking for more new players in the summer, but Im afraid these fans just dont realise the value of money. No one does these days. Piles of debt and for what? More misery and despair, with the added anxiety of bills to pay at the end of it. This applies to both my life and the point I was just making about the game there. FUCK YOU, JANET!
The kitchen floor desperately needs a sweeping, the cook needs a shower, but by golly, Im getting the picnic food made.
Well you just can't talk about strawberries without talking about all the yummy desserts you can make with them. After making this the other day, I said to Brandon, "I can't make this again for a long time." Because I eat it. And not just a little...it's so good...
And only gently knocking me
In the late 1800s, both mile Durkheim (1893) and Ferdinand Tnnies (1887) approached the idea of social networks in their theories and research of social groups. Tnnies asserted that social groups can exist as personal and direct social ties that either link individuals who share values and belief (community) or impersonal, formal, and instrumental social links (society or organizations in this context). Durkheim (1893) gives a non-individualistic explanation of social facts arguing that social phenomena arise when interacting individuals constitute a reality that stands beyond the will and control of an individual. In connection to that, Georg Simmel (1908), writing towards end of the twentieth century, commented also commented on the nature of networks and the effect of network size basing on interaction and concluded that relations formed out of social interaction ends up making a loose network rather than forming a group.
which Freemen are to deal, I will give my vote and suffrage as I shall
More of Leonas paintings and drawings, which are in many private and public collections, can be seen on leonafrank.com. And her blog about teaching art to children and adults is chalk-full of videos and detailed, illustrated instructions for intriguing art projects ranging from making monoprints to tissue-paper painting to drawing from observation.
Pockets full of posies
This may sound rather dramatic. Actually, it is. This is a time, unprecedented in human history. On the esoteric level, we are told we asked to come and to be here incarnate at this time. On the psychic level, we are sensing a coming-together of many traditions, a meeting of minds from many populations and backgrounds. Many spiritual leaders of the worlds diverse faiths are encouraging us willing us to take the plunge.
The winter sleeping bag
It was then that Alice heard it: another sound in the forest that began as an echo. A dull, rhythmic thudding that quickly grew in volume and clarity. Hooves, Alice thought.
Let's have a look at my
I've used Copics to colour her and Distress ink around the edges. The cardstock is SU, the printed paper is Washi paper and I used my SU punch on the edges. For some sparklies, I've used Stickles on her wings, the gems and pearls are Prima.
In Business Cycles (PDF, 385 pages apparently), on page 209 Schumpeter attempts to present an extremely simplified or "clean" version of the interaction of business cycles. He limits his presentation to three cycles only, "for the sake of simplicity". He eliminates not only other cycles but also "external disturbances" and also "Seasonals and Growth". And he makes his three cycles as regular and unvarying as possible by using "three sine curves the amplitudes of which are proportional to their duration".
Grandparents should also have rights of access after separation, but where possible to have access to coincide with the Parents Contact, but above all to be there to show support, stability and continuity to very young children.
Zagnazerak pointed at her and shouted Skarn! To me! the hilt began sliding through her fingers and with sudden fury she screamed No! The blade listened. It settled into her hand. Skarn, she whispered through battered lips.
Why I wanted to listen to this one: I enjoyed a previous book by this author and thought it would be fun to have a lighthearted book to listen to while driving back and forth from work.
However, not everyone can keep from thinking negative thoughts about others. Although we are imperfect, we can prevent from hurting others by being attentive to what comes out of our mouths And what goes on inside our heads.
Command in Delta on
In the mean time my daughter turned me on to the Naked Drinks sometime last year + the Green Machine in particular really helps to give me a little boost + granted it looks like slime, but my daughter said "no try it - it's so good" + and I was WOWED by the taste + it's fantastic + and it's a great way to get a serving of fruits and vegetables into my diet. So far I've tried the Blue Machine, Mighty Mango, and Berry Blast...but there are several varieties including Fruit & Oat Smoothies, and Coconut Water, that I'm definitely going to try.
Hey everyone! so heres my weekly update!
While I was working at the office that day, I was doing just fine in our morning meeting. At 8AM I went to the rest and thought my SOUL just left my body. Kinda like if you have a stomach virus one day, and the next day your body is just plain out of nutrients. Then the coughing comes, and I keep coughing and coughing. All of 30 minutes later my heart is pounding through the roof and I started FREEZING. I ask the boss to leave and he agrees looking at me like I'm about to keel over. I barely drag ass to the car, get in, and TURN THE HEAT ALL THE WAY UP. That helps. Remember, it's a good 85 degrees outside at the time. Somehow I manage enough energy to make it to the Specs and HEB to look for Divine Reserve. Finding none, I make it home, chug some Dayquil, and lay on the couch and sweat it out.
It wasn't the sore fingers making the bobbles that forced me ti rip it back - honest :) It was just that I felt the many colour changes in the yarn were swamping the pattern rather than allowing the bobbles to be the design feature. So it is no more. I still want to make that cardigan though, I'll just have to go through the stash and find a nice single colour yarn to work with.
Part of this addiction means I have to stock up on fabrics and notions, there's no choice in this matter you understand. For a long while now I've wanted these heart, leaf and flower pins, but never got round to getting any. Yesterday I finally pressed yes please in etsy. If you pop on over to That Crafty Fish you'll find she has a few etsy shops selling all sorts of lovelies to tempt you like I was.
170g plain flour
One never knows if the weather man/woman is to be believed. Lately, they seem to be in a rut saying one word: rain.
I gave up reading for Lent in the second grade. Dumb idea and I was miserable. It sure was a sacrifice though. I did not read a book for about a month after the house burned down. For one thing, all my books burned up. I was also overwhelmed and exhausted. Too, there was some kind of weird element of, My books are all gone. I cant read any more. I didnt even FEEL like reading.
Others are less convinced.
Devin Harris hit a floater in the lane with less than five seconds left and got the foul, which he converted in to a 3-point-play. The heat had time for one possession inside half court. LeBron took the inbound, drove the lane and kicked it to Haslem.
Kinda like this beer, frankly.
That afternoon, after having read the chapter in John about Jesus washing His disciples feet....Nevaeh got in the car and I began asking how her day went...what she had for snack and then I asked if she played outside. She had indeed. Very excitedly she asked me, "Guess what Mommy?" and I just knew that she had tried the monkey bars.....I was in NO WAY prepared for what she said next.
11. I Think I'll Just Stay Here and Drink -- Merle Haggard
Just when you are thinking your child is growing up too fast, they do something that says I still need you mum!
In 1986, following the passing of the Airports Act, the British Airports Authority was dissolved and all its properties, rights and liabilities were passed to a new company, BAA. BAA was privatised and floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1987.
The mountains may be moist or dry, but they tend to be scraped free of much vegetation, even as this may show the hand of man and not nature as the preserves shrink for habitats amidst an always-increasing population, often in sensitive political as well as environmental zones. "The mountains gave man soil, provided him with food, and stored his water, but he has taken almost everything, leaving the earth's bones bare. The snow leopard might well serve as symbol of man's commitment to the natural world." (50) I read this wondering how this predicament might have altered since. (Amazon US 3-14-2012, "pi" day.)
Every once in a while you while you are out thrifting you find something super rad.
23. Caffeine has horrible long-term effects on the adrenal glands, affecting every one of the 150 hormones produced and metabolized by these glands.
halfway between Ithaka and towering Samos
Today saw two minor developments in the continuing saga. First I got a CT scan, this time without the contrast dye that they usually IV into me. The last time they did this they were concerned because I sneezed when I was about to leave and they made me sit around in my johnny shirt for an extra 20 minutes, presumably to see if I would catch pneumonia. Apparently sneezing can be a sign of an allergic reaction to the dye and since this can get fairly fatal they take it pretty seriously. When I mentioned this to Dr. D she said she would get my future CT scans done without the dye and so it has proved to be. The whole exercise is very short, now that they dont have to muck about with the IV. My next appointment with Dr. D is on the 11th by which time I expect the results to be in. There does not seem to be any reason to worry.
We got to the center part and had some hex sticks to use.
I haven't been reading your blogs, I am sorry but I have had too much on. I will be back there soon. Promise.xx
Listening to the string quartet, accompanied by a pianist, this evening, I liked the first piece. The second piece sounded to me like a couple of six-year-olds banging on a piano to drown out the cellist, sometimes in harmony with the violin and viola, sometimes not.
And thats when I learned my first lesson in guild recruitment: Never ever ever ever recruit people solely based on filling up a raid team.
James Sit down UK
In 2006, a 17-year-old polytechnic student Garyl Tan Jia Luow was arrested by the police and subsequently charged with piggybacking on someone elses wireless Internet connection. He was let off with three months probation.
Dandelion, Earth-Friendly Goods are also Proud Contributors of the "1% for the Planet" Organization. As a member, they are contributing one percent of revenues directly to any of the approved non-profit environmental organizations in the 1%s network. The "1% for the Planet" is helping to tilt the scales of giving toward the thousands of under-funded nonprofits dedicated to the pursuit of sustainability, to preserving and restoring our natural environment.
If you arrived here from my talented friend
Troll Turned Down in Tokyo
Head to Head Double Cross Special Post
The next morning, the phone rang about 7am. It was my dad. He said "she left us this morning about 5"
Makes 32 cookies
Humperdink's Greenville Ave.
Domain: Domain of the user you are connecting with
Shawnie Ranks - Boomin Body
It started with the girls climbing into bed with me in the morning to give me my presents. As their dad was away they did all the shopping, choosing, and wrapping themselves and I must say they did pretty well too! I got some really fun stuff for my iPhone & iPad, as well as an M&M gumball dispenser, chocolates and a voucher for a manicure.
Now of course my logical and rational brain wants to say it was just a coincidence...haven't we all had that "if I had left ten minutes earlier" feeling when we see an accident? But when I think about Katie's dream, and her unusual behavior in the morning, I can't help wondering... Maybe there was more to her dream than what she told me about last night. Maybe somewhere deep in her subconscious, she remembered something else from her dream that made her act out that way.
Rebellion Racing Team Manager, Bart Hayden issued the following statement:
(b) Discuss the principle of matched filter
The medical director became aware of Mary's heroic act and he
terrorist like Bill Ayers would have lasted a single day. But because
Mark Y. Gilles, 33, New York, N.Y.
4. Romeo And Juliet / How Insensitive (Insensatez)
May I be forgiven for having learned nothing about this horrible event in my life until now, nothing in school, though I certainly should have.
I'm thinking something like 50-99 for students, 99-150 for NGOs, and 250-350 for companies. Thoughts?
1/2t salt, 1/2t sugar, 1t sesame oil
We were going through some old
Im worried about you, Joycie, he says. Who is this Dancefloor Dave character, anyway?
PLACE, seam-sides down, in 8-inch square baking dish. Top with cheese.
So. I stop off, buy some diesel, head over to the air pump "Digital Tyre Inflator" it says.
But see, I AM an idiot! At least when it comes to tools and fixing stuff and guy stuff. And you know what? I'm okay with that. I have no desire to learn. I like being in the kitchen and doing "girl stuff". I'm perfectly fine with letting a knight in shining armor take care of that stuff while I sit back and admire him. Hey, it's my fantasy! I can pretend such men exist.
The most recent event of sufficient interest to warrant Billmon's comment was how Eric Cantor's responded to violent acts and threats against Democrats by saying, well who knows what the hell he said, it was complete gibberish.
Since 2005, the number of collisions on Burlington streets has decreased by 10.3 per cent (190 collisions).
Bloody years would follow the blitz's career, anthems for the youth. Science and rhythm left estranged, relax when it's all over. So much dead and gone.
a pinch of freshly ground black pepper
he stroked my hair,
Fact; I wanna get a tattoo. ;D
I have little to say about the value of the Mac Bulk condos. Youll have to do your own research. From a marketing perspective, I like the simplicity of the campaign, though I could do without the corporate masturbation in the copy. Actually I could really do without it. Consumers dont care who negotiated the discount pricing. The point is the pricing. Thats it. Everything else is pump-up talk for the sales staff. Save it for your next Tony Robbins seminar. If were gonna talk real estate, lets talk price.
Girls:
The plan to shut down the U.S. economy is reminiscent of plans first hatched in March 2010 by Stephen Lerner, a controversial anti-capitalist SEIU organizer. Lerner visited the Obama White House at least four times.
But before we do, please scroll down to see if you are the winner of last weeks challenge, if you are, please leave a message on the post before emailing, I'm having a few problems with emails going to spam lately and I wouldn't want you to miss out on your prize, so if you leave a comment I will know to expect an email from you, and can let you know if I don't receive one.
We thought the snows of winter had completely disappeared, but we were wrong.
When medicine rules or obliterates midwifery, it becomes difficult for women to understand the power that midwifery could have if it were once again a profession whose power equaled that of the obstetric profession.
The next day proved a first for me. I shot my first official "photographer" event. It was a Sweet Seventeen Party for some friends from church, who I love dearly, so I figured, why not. Note to self: Event photography is not your gig, deal with it. But I had a blast and Sami was beautiful. Here are a couple of my favs!
I have no idea how to judge a "good" acupuncture clinic from a bad one. Although I think there's something to it, possibly, I'm not way into alternative medicine. Given the time constraints, I didn't exactly have time to do a lot of research, either. My due date is 17 days from today! And I went 4 days early with Miss M! I called one place (the woman is also a doula, so I felt good about her), and the woman is out of town. I called a second place (a place with a fancy address and a pile of staff who have very impressive pedigrees), and they had someone available tomorrow afternoon. So, I went with that one. The guy who will be doing it graduated from a 5 year Chinese medical program and has written actual research papers on using so-called Eastern medicine to complement western medicine. Hopefully, that makes him qualified to burn some herbs near my toes.
I'm going to be spending a Friday and Saturday with some friends at a women's conference in Long Beach. Time Out For Women. The ladies I'm going with all went last year (to Fresno!) and loved it so much they decided to go every year, and this year I got an invite. As with all things that disrupt my safe little routine, I was very excited to be invited and to attend, but now that it's tomorrow, I'm having my usual neurotic doubts and misgivings. What if my ankle acts up, what if I'm achey all weekend? What if I just want to come home? What will they think when they find out how much I really hobble around at the end of the day? What if I'm no fun? You see how my mind runs.
The USPTO's classification system has been different from the International Patent Classification System (IPC) because (a) the USPTO's classification system came first, and (b) WIPO decided to take a different classification path when developing the IPC. As a result, two sets of classification codes are used during examination.
39. Luhan once was a China-ulzzang.
who wasnt so much of an eyeful.
Late night is one of my favorite times. The three pugs and I settle into the over-sized recliner, the boys on my right...
I love chicken and dumplings. My dad really loves chicken and dumplings, but no one in my family has learned how to make them for him. (I think he tried to learn once when we lived in GA)
The painted toys you bought for me, are filled with tears and frowns.
Those who do make the calls could be in for a humiliating experience if they get a Senator or a congressional staff member on the telephone line who tells them they are wrong about H.R. 4089.
Article by: Frederick Stander CHT
2. Buy us a new garbage can with a swing top lid and 6 pairs of black cotton underpants (womens size____).
After suffering two miscarriages Dezyama finally gave birth to a lovely daughter, Cherikna Donnasa D. Sangma, (http://www.emerentiana.8m.com/) after 10 years of marriage on 20th February 2009. Sadly, Cherikna passed away after 3.5 months on 9th June 2009, her death shattering their once happy family. The couple adopted a baby boy in 2010 whom they named Jakrim Jordano D. Sangma. Dezyama conceived again in February 2011. She was admitted to Holy Cross Hospital on 1st November 2011 and taken to the operation theatre for a Caesarian section at around 5:05pm. A healthy baby boy was born at around 6pm. Dezyama was later taken to ICU and developed breathing problem at around 2:50am, and slowly slipped into a coma. Dipu was notified at around 3:25am and rushed to the hospital. Dezyama fought on and tried hard to breathe for about 12 agonising hours during which time she suffered a total of four massive cardiac arrests, before she finally passed away at around 3:00pm on the afternoon of 2nd November. Dipu is totally devastated. She did not have heart or any other major diseases, but she did have Hemoglobin E deficiency disease.
The passion fruit juice can be really sweet, so dilute it with some water if required.
Just for kicks here's a quote about Lincoln by Stephen Douglas, because you couldn't help but be in awe of this amazing leader and lover of books as you were there! This quote I think shows the power of the story:
Last weekend I was down in Portland, Oregon area for a training in EAP for work. It's a really interesting model and if you're in the health care field I recommend you take a look at it. EAGALA (Equine Assisted Growth and Learning Assoc.) puts on trainings throughout the US and abroad (for some reason my boss didn't think it was necessary for me to go to Europe or South America to get certified...???) and offer them pretty much year round.
I began by quickly peeling and dicing the winter squash. The trick is to peeling a hard winter squash is to use a really good vegetable peeler. Once your squash is free of its tough skin, halve it, and grab a spoon to scoop out the seeds and the stringy mess inside.
1/2 cup uncooked brown rice
Shame, these poor warmists. Every time they think they've bedazzled the little people into believing their tripe, their non-scientific "theories" get debunked. They keep having to retreat due to the daily flogging they get. They have now retreated as far back as 3500 years ago in the hope that this theory will at least fly. I mean, who can disprove what happened BC? As I've often said on this blog, I am no scientist, but just reading the first few lines of this article got me laughing. They are blaming the start of climate change on the clearing of the forests way back then. Wow, apparently the thousands of farmers living in the Congo (yes people, there were farmers 3500 years ago in the Congo growing oil palm, pearl millet and yams, and other crops and smelting iron - I kid you not) are to blame! So, according to these scientists and their magic all seeing crystal ball, because these farmers had to clear the forest to plant their crops, this was the start of climate change! With my logical brain and common sense the obvious questions for me are what did the planet do before there were forests? And what happened when lightning triggered mass burning of forests, without man around to put them out - that wasn't responsible in any way was it? Yeah, I'm now totally convinced that it was definitely the Congo farmers 3500 years ago which triggered the climate we have today. There is no question...By the way, the Bantu people of the Congo 3500 years ago are the same Black tribal people which migrated to Southern Africa. They were nomads and not farmers - otherwise the White Boers would have found cultivated farms when they trekked inland of South Africa. Still today they don't know how to farm. Just saying.
All of this resulted in me feeling physically terrible.
FUJIPET 6X6 120 CAMERA
Skip ahead to 2:30 to see orange-clad party animals roaming the streets of Amsterdam, to 4:30 for a view of the logjammed canals, and to 8:30 to see the huge scale of this national party!
in the otherwise motionless
That GTO must have been there for what seemed like months.
Linking up here..
Damien Riggs draws our attention to the often-ignored racial dimensions of the national conversation.
(a)organised or trained or equipped for the purpose of enabling them to be employed in usurping the functions of the police or of the armed forces of the Crown; or
thanks so much for popping by, means a lot ;D
The seventh, and final, volume of the The Honey Trap Files series, starring C.J. Mills, is now available to download FREE at Smashwords.
Well worth reading in full
So right now, I weigh options, like a wizened old shopkeeper carefully weighing out leaves of gold, trembling hands placing first one, then another in the pan, waiting for the trembling balance needle to hit "0."
Speaking of which...I had an extremely vivid dream a few weeks back that I was pregnant. Not only did I have the dream and wake up in a panic...when I fell back asleep, I had the same exact dream again. This dream was SO convincing that I went out and bought pregnancy tests. Whew! This was one time that I wasn't so disappointed to see that lonely one line on the result screen.
I am grateful it is still June.
Sequel?: No, but there are other Cyn Balog books that are equally as good! Check out: Sleepless and Starstruck (both of which will be reviewed by me in the future)
An audience of approximately 750 also heard an opening set by Susanna Wallumrod. She and her two-piece band sounded like Tori Amos on a Terje Rypdal jag. This cover of Thin Lizzy's "Jailbreak" wasn't on the set list, but it captures her sensibility. Wallumrod's music isn't my thing (at all), but I fully embrace the concept of jazz acts being featured on compatible cross-genre double bills.
The Cardinals' Gulf Coast League club, Palm Beach, battered Burnett for eight runs (five earned) in only 1 2/3 innings on April 11. The Pirates' affiliates were outscored by a total 24-7 in his outings.
The Nuggets had a shootaround today here at Loyola Marymount preparing for tonight's Game 5. Denver trails the Lakers 3-1 in this first-round playoff series.
But he does not want to contemplate this now. All Rivera sees are stairs, and a long climb back, to the top of the game. He did it once. Now, extraordinarily, he is going to try and do it again.
The Spanish-language commercials are running as part of a nine-state, $25 million advertising effort the Obama team unveiled this week. The campaign had previously spent $850,000 on Spanish-language ads in the same three states to promote Obama's education policies, according to Smart Media Group, which tracks political ad spending.
Me, I like to laugh as much as the next guy, but I'm pleased that Miller-Heidke and collaborator Keir Nuttall aspire to something higher than the comedy circuit. Nuttall is a conservatory kid, too, and judging by his productions for his singer, he digs King Crimson and Yes as much as he likes Kate Bush. On "Curiouser," the pair shot the works, decorating every track with synths and six-string overdubs, and all the funny voices Miller-Heidke could coax out of her throat. The album scared off listeners allergic to elaborate arrangements, which might have been part of the pair's sinister plan for smart-aleck world domination.
According to a copy of the letter obtained by The Herald-Mail, patients were advised to have their blood tested for conditions. Accompanying the letter was a laboratory outpatient form for tests for Hepatitis Bs Ag, Hepatitis C and HIV.
The cassoulet stuck to a more expected presentation: confit duck leg, a link of garlic sausage and a square of braised bacon. The saucy beans were underdone, so after a couple bites I figured I could take it home, reheat it the next day and have a good lunch.
Here are the numbers, courtesy of the Missouri Gaming Commission and Illinois Gaming Board.
"We're ready to engage in canonical action," she said. "I understand it's a complex issue for the bishop, but he created the issue. And the time for studying it is over. You either obey Rome or not obey Rome."
Bruce said Jiang, 28, is eager to try to make amends by doing community service at either a hospital, medical clinic, soup kitchen, or something similar.
Detroit, which stunned the baseball world this past week by snapping up free-agent first baseman Prince Fielder with a nine-year deal worth $214 million, is the 11th-largest TV market.
"Were continuing to review the incidents that were aware of and were going to promote public safety first," he said. "Thats why the colonel and I took the action that we did yesterday, to make sure unauthorized caravans that put the public safety at risk get dealt with."
That same year, the hospital association negotiated a closed-door deal with Democratic lawmakers that allowed the state to raise taxes on hospitals to help pay for the state's rapidly shrinking Medicaid program. Also that year, the association garnered a state contract worth more than $400,000 to help the state calculate and oversee the new hospital taxes.
ESPN has a more streamlined approach on opening night. Chris Berman hosts (the 31st draft he has covered for the network) and Mel Kiper serves as the talent analyst for the 28th time. Also on the air will be former NFL coach and current "Monday Night Football'' commentator Jon Gruden and reporters Chris Mortensen and Adam Schefter. Suzy Kolber will interview players.
"It's an easier lesson for adults than adolescents," he said. "What's important is that we be our best. Their job is to show up, work hard, play hard and improve."
It wasn't that Wood couldn't play defense, it's just that he never felt an urge to try, or at least felt the urge that would be required in East Lansing. Draymond Green knew Wood would need to be schooled in the ways of Michigan State basketball.
GEMINI (May 20-June 19): Can you dumb down any more? Start living up to your talents and abilities instead of apologizing for them. It's the smart thing to do.
A Chinese gate flanked by potted bamboo graces the driveway entrance, while a reclaimed blue antique Indian gate guards the eastern entrance to the patio. Fishing baskets were turned upside down, filled with white lights and converted into outdoor lamps.
But Cruz said a poison pill in the city's proposal is a clause allowing the city "to amend, change or terminate any retirement or other post-employment benefit," a particular concern given that city workers don't earn Social Security benefits.
"It's nice to hear someone say 'our city' and have a vested interest in its outcome," Pugh said.
I'll do my best to keep up with it all throughout the week.
I dont believe in sending song files all over the world, says Birch, whose recordings have the immediacy of a live performance. Theres something magical that happens when you get a group of musicians together in the same place. In New Orleans, I was in the studio with George Porter, and it was inspiring to have such an amazing artist right there in the live room, playing on my songs.
The Center for Inquiry, a national group that promotes science over religion but encourages people to live by the same values many religions teach, trains people to marry couples in ceremonies that follow the Centers beliefs, according to the suit. However, the Center, which has a branch in Indiana, claims that because of the way Indianas law was written, people from secular groups cannot perform ceremonies.
Investigators in the Houston case found several bottles of prescription medication in the Beverly Hills, Calif., hotel room where she died Saturday, although Winter has said they weren't an unusually large number. Detectives have declined to disclose which medications were seized.
1201 HEMINGWAY LN $82,500
Angels right-hander Dan Haren (0-1, 4.07) is scheduled to start against Indians right-hander Jeanmar Gomez (1-0, 1.93). Game time is 10:05 a.m. PT and it will be broadcast on FOX, KLAA/830 AM and KWKW/1330 AM in Spanish.
The opposite also is true. For example, Martin Scorsese's "Shine a Light" was good and I like the Rolling Stones, but would have been far better had Mick and the boys provided more personal access. And the film "The Song Remains The Same" by Led Zeppelin (behind the Beatles, my favorite band) is a frightful bore.
Jasper's Corner Tap & Kitchen, on its nondescript edge of the Tenderloin's lodging zone, seems on quick glance to be another by-numbers hotel effort. Yet here's a confluence of Bar Stars: Kevin Diedrich, whose work at the Burritt Room caught our attention last year, and Brian MacGregor, whose concoctions at Jardiniere earned him the honor in 2010. When I walked in on a recent night, both were working - a critical mass of cocktail talent.
Somehow, I doubt that my kids will ever reflect on their youth and long for the grandeur and elegance of a 12-screen multiplex. But it's also hard to believe that I once went to the Fox theatre to watch John Wayne defend the Alamo.
Property was vandalized Friday in the 1400 block of Saint Francis Road.
Sonoma County isn't the only region inviting visitors to get up close and personal with the vines.
STOCKHOLM - Prosecutors on Monday charged a 40-year-old Swede with three counts of murder and 12 counts of attempted murder in a string of shootings that spread fear among immigrants in the southern city of Malmo.
The Havanese is the national dog of Cuba. Its silky, wavy hair requires regular grooming. Their strong social needs require them to be constantly with human company or else they can develop negative behavior when left isolated regularly. The Havanese is excellent with children. They possess a high degree of intelligence and have pleasant personalities. Their alert level make them good watchdogs.
"People have short memories," Agarwal said. "The bad experiences last longer."
But then one day she impulsively plants a kiss on a subordinate from Stockholm named Markus (Francois Damiens). He's a balding, bearded galoot who is virtually invisible to his co-workers, but in a postkiss fantasy sequence that recalls "(500) Days of Summer," the ugly duckling becomes a Swedish swan.
Bond and his former roommate, Randyll Patrick Scaife, 31, drove to Oregon City to take advantage of the last day of legal fishing at The Wall. State officials closed the popular fishing spot the next day to protect sturgeon spawning grounds.
Safety Dietrich Riley is expected to have neck surgery Monday, which would force him to sit out the 2012 season. He was injured Oct. 29 against California and was taken to a hospital after tackling Golden Bears running back Isi Sofele.
It was the high point of her career as an actress.
But now the mayor's bold plan and the union's flexibility on seniority provide a solid basis for compromise -- including on sharing levy dollars directly with high-quality charter schools, arguably the most revolutionary idea in the "Jackson plan."
Phoenix police leaders said Drenth could have also faced felony charges because the sergeant's alleged misconduct would have met the criteria for grand-jury consideration. He was among the officers accused of receiving money for off-duty security work they didn't perform.
BOSSIER CITY, La. -- Bossier City police got a Shreveport woman and the hatchet they say she used to chase and threatened two people after a road rage incident.
Most recently he oversaw a six-day recording session for Alan Menkens Mirror Mirror, an adaptation of the Snow White fairy tale, featuring Julia Roberts.
The new programs are in Colorado, Maine, New York, North Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Cigna now has a total of 22 collaborative accountable care programs in 13 states covering more than 270,000 customers. The Bloomfield-based health insurer hopes to expand to reach 1 million customers with an accountable care organization by 2014. The first of these was launched in 2008.
"Someone please turn on the lights," e-mailed a polite Road Rant lookout.
In his acceptance speech for the Ohioana Award, Condon wrote, "What I oppose is the hushed, carpeted fearful approach to history and those who made history. There is the air of the funeral parlor in most of our history books, and perhaps the sound of some rinky-tink piano is what we need to break the sad spell and bring history to its feet again. Only in life is there any hope for history."
"I thought we played well early on," Miller coach Dale Turner said. "If we work the ball side to side instead of two passes and a shot, we are so much better."
Watching writers write will never be classified as much of a spectator sport.
Bera Delman
In judging the three, Dufty stands out for his experience, aptitude and energy. He deserves re-election to the board.
German drivers bought one of every four Volkswagens, but drivers in South America and Asia bought slightly more. Sales to India doubled. And VW stock has a 2.4 percent dividend yield.
1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme
News Corp. abandoned its bid to take full control of BSkyB one week after the revelation that employees of one of its papers, the now-defunct News of the World, had hacked the phone of a murdered teenager while police were still searching for her.
The handgun was found in the home and Damico was booked into county jail on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon, police said.
The Tahiti Room
NEW YORK - An eyewear website operator who prosecutors say left dozens and possibly hundreds of customers fearing for their lives is scheduled to be sentenced in federal court in New York.
It's easy sport, of course, to now dump on the discredited commissioners, given the scandals that have engulfed them as their time in office sputters to an unceremonious end in just over two months.
Don't get a complete blood work-up or urine analysis if you're healthy. Save 'em for when something internal's gone amuck.
For 20 years, Peter J. Flowers, a partner at Foote, Meyers, Mielke & Flowers, has represented individuals and families injured by the negligent conduct of others. In that time, he has developed a reputation for his personalized approach to complex medical malpractice and device litigation.
"It's almost not worth having a discussion because we don't have the wherewithal to address the issues," he said.
"I completely respect the thoughts of Coach Gruden," Worthy said. "He's a great coach as well as a great analyst. ... All I can do is go out there and prove people wrong. This off-season I'm going to continue to work and perfect my technique and become a more consistent player, a much more dominant player. Come Sundays you'll see all the hard work be displayed."
"If there are items they don't believe ought to be reappropriated, that's completely up to them," she said.
Melissa Leo stars in "Francine," screening May 5 at 7:30 p.m. Its directors, Brian M. Cassidy and Melanie Shatzky, tell a dramatically grim story about a woman recently released from prison.
No one will think of those as defining moments, even though Rivera has said moving on from those defeats was every bit as important as the World Series championships he has polished off. No one will think of those moments, but they should. Heres why.
Keep a strong NJN. Keep the lights on. Do it without the taxpayers and make sure that we (fill) this void, said state Sen. Joe Kyrillos (R-Monmouth).
Mr. Fecher's first book, "The Philosophy of Jacques Maritain," a French Roman Catholic philosopher, was published in 1953. In 1998, he wrote the privately printed "To Live Is to Change," a 75th anniversary history of Catholic Charities of Baltimore.
Pfizer Inc., the worlds largest drugmaker, reported first-quarter profit fell 19 percent after revenue from cholesterol pill Lipitor declined because of generic competition. The company trimmed its 2012 forecast after the sale of a unit.
The Garfield Heights Senior Center offers on-site services such as activities, volunteer opportunities, classes, education for seniors and health screenings. There are in-home services offered for meal delivery and assessment by a social worker. Seniors may find supportive services of water and sewer discounts (Homestead & Disability), transportation, food bank services and tax assistance.
Another good thing about orange: It's a color that looks good on just about everyone.
Valleau said, "he has been reading since he was 3 years old . and visits the library two or three times a week. It plays a very important role in his life," she said. "It's fun for him, but he also feels good about it because he's doing something."
Not all passengers are nice. Perugachi recalled one man who actually yelled at him because he did not like his music.
Adrian Vasquez, 18, the sole survivor aboard the fishing boat, recounted the 28 days he and two others drifted during what was supposed to be an overnight excursion. Vasquez said he had seen the cruise ship and signaled it when his two companions were still alive, but the ship didn't stop.
Howell has struggled in the early portion of its schedule but hopes contributions from players like senior Jake Farber can help put the Vikings back on track.
Thing is, I think the Ducks are extremely talented. I believe they have ridiculous depth. And they have glue-guys like York who hold things together. They're also playing a wicked scheme. Even playing a neutral-field opener against No. 4 LSU, I can't reasonably pick against the Ducks in any week.
The Tripod Floor Lamp, $298 from Anthropologie, also pays homage to the surveyor's stand but with a few obvious tweaks. This intentionally skewed tripod is constructed of reclaimed elm wood, which gives the piece an outlandish, bygone charm. Its splintery, rustic edge is juxtaposed with a gold silk shade. It measures almost 56 inches high and about 15 inches wide.
With an eye toward the myriad obstacles standing in the way of successful start-ups, Stude assembled a crew capable of covering all the bases from software and website development to marketing to projected financial outcomes.
With the increased focus on concussions in recent years, the NHL has devoted more time and resources to player safety this season. Shanahan has been the face of the league's movement to remove questionable hits from the game.
"People will start pouring in to pay their property taxes at the last minute," Santoro said. "You'd be surprised how many people wait until the very end."
A patient in Room 306 of the Meadowview Psychiatric Hospital reported a bite on Jan. 11 and subsequent testing revealed that there was a bed bug infestation in Room 306 and bed bugs were found in Room 307 as well, Hudson County spokesman Jim Kennelly said.
Where: B Street Theatre Mainstage, 2711 B St., Sacramento
When the Big East men's basketball schedule arrived in the Rutgers offices during this past offseason, it was carefully studied and dissected. There were the obvious thoughts about which games would be winnable and which ones would be difficult. But throughout the athletic department, eyes scanned down to today as one of those rare opportunities. Not for what might happen on the court, but what could be reaped off of it.
Stay well.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Masters champion Bubba Watson has his home in North Carolina up for sale.
Is a bath or kitchen makeover on your wish list? Kohler is celebrating the grand opening of its first Kohler Signature Store in Edina with a daylong consumer event next Saturday. A presentation on the latest shower trends is scheduled for 10 a.m., followed by speed-design bathroom makeovers, offering 10-minute consultations with industry experts from 11 a.m.-2 p.m. (To book an appointment, call 952-922-2825).
When you buy a stock or invest in a mutual fund, do you have confidence that the performance of that security is tied to the performance of companies, industries and the economy?
Really, there should be two sets of expectations for the Broncos in 2012. The first set of expectations assumes Peyton Manning is healthy and as able as he was earlier in his career. If that is the case, they look like the best team in the AFC West and one of the best teams in the conference.
Gene Del Polito, of the trade group American Association for Postal Commerce, said now that Donahoe has offered a plan, "why not give him the authority do to do what needs to be done." If that fails, then a control board could be instituted, he said.
The study also has a strong message for women who are obese and contemplating pregnancy, said Dr. Mark B. Landon, professor and interim chairman of the department of obstetrics and gynecology at the Ohio State University College of Medicine in Columbus.
Already up and walking around, Timbers midfielder Darlington Nagbe is trying to get back on the field in a hurry.
Over his 16 years on the Gilbert police force, Lt. Eric Shuhandler became known and loved by his fellow officers and other town employees as a high-energy policeman and a kindhearted colleague with a big sense of humor.
The former Georgia Tech receiver stood out in his first practice with the Jets because of his imposing 6-foot-4 frame and effort in every drill. Coach Rex Ryan noticed Hill's speed.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Voters finally can have their say on Senate Bill 5 after months of hearing about the merits and flaws of the new collective bargaining law from politicians, union leaders, rank-and-file public workers and the media.
It appears Johnson was Crean's second choice. Director of basketball operations Calbert Cheaney was offered the position but opted to stay in his current role, saying the time wasn't right. Once Cheaney was out of the picture, Crean moved quickly to hire Johnson, interviewing him in Bloomington last week.
Supergroup Performance -- Team Adam and Team Cee Lo
'California is God's best moment," says Joel Kotkin. "It's the best place in the world to live." Or at least it used to be.
In the first meeting of the teams with both ranked since 1982, the 23rd-rated Wildcats smothered and clogged No. 7 Mizzou's previously free-flowing offense to inflict one last indignity at Bramlage Coliseum.
2. I'm glad he's running.
The U.S. military flies family members to Germany for a final reunion and, when appropriate time has passed, asks about organ donation, says Angus, trained to handle the discussions.
Indiana Democratic Party Chairman Dan Parker said the party's lack of involvement in the primary race shouldn't be read as disinterest.
It said a lot to me then about how scrupulously honest Tressel was to make sure that I got my towel back.
Whatever one thinks of Yiayia's old-world morals, she's a vibrant character with excellent comedic delivery. She should make a good ambassador for Athenos - that is if Kraft and Droga5 can continue to find fun ways to use her.
"He just got out of whack," Rays manager Joe Maddon said. "He couldn't throw a strike where he wanted to with the fastball. He has a great fastball, he just doesn't know where it's going all the time quite yet. I've seen that before with our other young pitchers, so he's going to be fine."
New England faces what may be an agonizing offseason decision concerning Wes Welker, who leads the league with 554 receptions since 2007. With 122 grabs this season, he had 22 more than runner-up Roddy White of the Atlanta Falcons to go with a franchise-record 1,569 yards and nine touchdowns.
 Zoar Village, founded by German separatists in 1817, was an experiment in communal living that thrived for much of the 19th century. The society dissolved in 1898, but the village remains a fascinating place to tour -- for years to come, we hope. The town is threatened by a failing levee, and the community has launched a campaign to save the town. Details: zca.org.
The trends, market analysts say, are pointing toward lower gasoline prices into the summer and the lead-up to the general election in the U.S.
The 90s alternative rock band the Dandy Warhols, now together for a mind-boggling 18 years, are on tour again to promote new album "This Machine." They'll play the 9:30 Club May 29. Ticket information has not been released yet.
"I'm not from money," she says, "and this was a risk worth taking."
"Can I get you some tea?" he asks. I nod and soon he's back with an ornate glass-and-metal mug of Earl Grey. I drop in a couple of lumps of sugar, stir, sip and watch the sun set behind the dunes.
Schuster said that TCNJ officials plan to add Ewing Police and township officials to the distribution list for emergency notifications.
Alisa Hopper of Roseville, Calif., makes salvaging Grandmother's jewelry even easier: You can mail costume jewelry to her and she'll refashion it into a modern, wearable piece. See her creations at All Things Tinsel, her Etsy.com shop.
Laurel police report felonies, arrests and property crimes. Prince George's County police report violent crimes and property crimes. Howard County police report major crimes, break-ins and car thefts.
This is the heavy burden faced daily by parents of children with food allergies.
Harper, 19, recorded his first hit and RBI in his first game Saturday with the Nationals.
Gilliam said the compostable bags are too thin, so stores were triple bagging. That promoted the use of paper bags, he said. And he said the corn bags look and feel like plastic, so they were getting mixed in with plastic recycling. But the corn ruins the plastic during recycling, so contaminated loads of recycled plastic ended up going to the landfill.
demonstrators hurled chunks of marble and gasoline bombs at riot police, who responded with tear gas and stun grenades. Police said at least 38 officers and three civilians were hospitalized, while 33 people were detained for questioning or arrested for alleged involvement in the rioting.
Wilson: Stepping on a rake. (Laughs.) All of a sudden we're pitching set pieces.
The Nets didn't start to turn things around until around 1984 with a team that included Micheal Ray Richardson, Buck Williams, Darryl Dawkins and Mike Gminski. They stunned the defending champion 76ers in the opening round of the playoffs and seemed on the way up.
Even though Zumwalt West (8-0, No. 5 LS), held the 29-22 halftime lead, the signs of trouble were on the horizon.
funding, Commentary, April 12) implied that several campaign donors were supporting state Rep. Mary Nolans bid for Portland City Council. In fact, most of the donors listed  Comcast, Portland General Electric, Oregon Trial Lawyers Association, Motorola, Walmart, Philip Morris and the Oregon Forest Industries Council PAC  had donated to prior legislative campaigns, not Nolans city race.
And this: "Over 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers."
NEW YORK  Reality.
The contract is retroactive to July 1, 2011 and will expire June 30, 2014.
Santa Ana trustee John Palacio said the district will use $8.3 million in jobs bill money to subsidize salaries for hundreds of teachers, counselors, administrators and other employees who would have otherwise been laid off.
Kids: Adult sophistication.
At which point Ashley, with brave face but inwardly cowering, has to face the chef, fresh from his recently completed court-ordered anger management course. And who, begrudgingly and begrumblingly, acquiesces to the wishes of the now-classified-as-demanding diner.
The combination of the team's first-ever Major League Soccer home game, a sold-out Jeld-Wen Field and a national television audience will create a festive and raucous atmosphere when the Timbers host Chicago Thursday at 8 p.m. The Timbers say the fan support could be the intangible that could help lift them to their first league win.
Assumptions challenged
In court filings, attorneys for the two counties say recent court decisions uphold the searches.
Don't fear fat. For healthy brain development, include unsaturated fats (avocados or thin spreads of nut butters, if approved by your pediatrician) and some saturated fats (full-fat cheeses are best before age 2). Avoid trans fats in processed goods.
Park hours are 9 a.m.-8 p.m. daily.
Detractors say it's been wasting money. The company, which forecasts $900 million in annual revenue this year, historically spends half its total sales on selling, general and administrative expenses, known as SG&A.
Dinner? It's hit or miss. The steak is fair. The risotto is edible, bordering on OK. So is the sea bass (served whole) if your preference is for doing all your own seasoning at the table. The braised lamb shank may have been the best meal we had, tender and and properly seasoned, suggesting that a modicum of patience and skill is somewhere to be found in the kitchen. I just know it won't be a lasting memory, like, say, the lamb at Boulevard Bistro.
"She was always doing that sort of thing," Griesser says.
In a series of interviews about head injuries with The Associated Press over the last two weeks, 23 of 44 NFL players - slightly more than half - said they would try to conceal a possible concussion rather than pull themselves out of a game. Some acknowledged they already have. Players also said they should be better protected from their own instincts: More than two-thirds of the group the AP talked to wants independent neurologists on sidelines during games.
While Ocampo remains at large, Daza was arrested last year under an alias in Queretaro, Mexico, for allegedly taking part in a car burglary ring, records and interviews show.
BRIDGETON  How about a fun, relaxing afternoon with your family before the holidays begin?
Auto production is rebounding after a slowdown caused by the Japan earthquake. The Federal Reserve reported last week that factory output rose 0.6 percent in July, mostly because of an increase in auto production.
"I felt bad hitting that double, but it was for my team," said Natalie, who will play softball for College of San Mateo next season. "It was strange playing against my dad because I've never played against him. He coached me all my life, so it was a little awkward. He taught me how to hit."
She was a fierce competitor. Park practiced all the time. Forrest said during one practice at TPC Scottsdale, he noticed Park swinging with "fear."
Not that there aren't minefields in this organizing world. Clients often come with their own baggage, and we're not talking luggage here.
I have discovered one of the Valley's best drinks.
That's why manager Dale Sveum is here, along with a rebuilt field staff that features five World Series rings between playing and coaching careers and as much big-league playing experience as any staff in the majors.
Many of the racers are expected to pull in to the Ensenada marina by this afternoon. Some of the slower vessels may not arrive until tonight or in the early morning hours on Sunday.
The collapse occurred on what will be the casino's second floor, said Jason Mullins, business manager for a union representing ironworkers on the project, but not the workers who were hurt. The framework was more than one-third complete, Mullins said.
"This is without a doubt the biggest challenge I've ever faced in my life," the 28-year-old Braun said.
War Horse
But nowadays, with so many passengers booking their own tickets online, most reservations are instantaneous.
In recent years, device and pharmaceuticals companies have paid billions of dollars to settle criminal charges, especially for promoting products not approved for specific uses by the Food and Drug Administration. But executives rarely go to prison.
Before the Saints pick someone to run the team this year, though, Goodell still has to rule on Payton's appeal of his season-long suspension, along with the appeals of shorter suspensions for assistant coach Joe Vitt and General Manager Mickey Loomis and penalties handed down to the team.
Barack Obama's intellectual sociopathy -- his often breezy and sometimes loutish indifference to truth -- should no longer startle. It should, however, influence Mitt Romney's choice of a running mate.
Maybe not through civilian eyes, but Brown easily connects those dots with a passion for movement and science and aerodynamics.
The top three in each category will win gift certificates from sponsors Pro Photo Supply or Shutterbug of Portland. The stores have contest entry forms and also will accept completed entries.
The state Attorney Generals Office Thursday said it is reviewing calls for an investigation into the controversial surveillance program. Lee Moore, a spokesman for the department, said the governors executive orders will be part of their review, but declined to comment further.
(Generally, the northern range of the saguaro cactus is somewhere south of Payson.)
NEW YORK  Gas prices may still be rising, but with U.S. auto sales for March heading towards a five year high, consumers have not yet begun to change their behaviors, IHS Chief Economist Nariman Behravesh said today.
The two both love spending time with their three grandkids, and Case especially enjoys seeing her ex-husband embrace his role as a grandfather.
Alcoa's president and CEO, Klaus Kleinfeld, said the company's ongoing efforts to cut costs and raise cash "are working."
One union insider said the first reaction to news that one of Whitman's former housekeepers wanted to go public was an elated "Thank you, thank you, thank you."
"The Walking Dead" (9 p.m. Sunday, March 11, AMC): Sure going to miss Dale (Jeffrey DeMunn), the shows conscience, but they gave him a sensational sendoff last week. In tonights episode, Rick (Andrew Lincoln), Shane (Jon Bernthal), Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Glenn (Steven Yeun) comb the woods after learning that someone dangerous may be on the loose near the farm.
Support and defend Senate Bill 1070.
Goldbeck shares growing duties with her 57-year-old husband, who also runs his own construction company, but insists on planting every seed and making every transplant herself. She lets Randy fill the cells and pots with potting soil and sometimes works alongside her grandchildren.
But Booker says the outcry against change is exaggerated by those pursuing their own agendas, while the silent majority hopes for true reform.
A Pasco County man was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for arranging to have sex with a child in a Lake County sheriff's undercover investigation, the U.S. Attorney's Office said today. In February, a federal jury convicted John Joseph Steele, 64, of traveling to coerce 13-year-old girl into having sex.
My stomach aches, and a post-meal stupor pains
The Sarasota Herald-Tribune reports the vehicle was traveling less than 10 mph.
A Los Angeles private equity firm might be reconsidering its $1.1-billion buyout of Pep Boys.
Levi Strauss Gets a Bright Idea: A Fairly Fabricated Story of a Pair of Pants, by Tony Johnston; illustrated by Stacy Innerst (Harcourt; 32 pages; $16.99; ages 5-8). "Dang!" A New York peddler comes to California in 1853, sees ragged miners and rugged canvas tents, and gets an idea. Jeans are born. A rags-to-riches tall tale.
"He gets full credit or blame for what's happened in this economy and what's happened to gasoline prices under his watch and what's happened to our schools and what's happened to our military forces," Romney said of the president while campaigning in Waukesha, Wis.
Holmgren depicted a scene in which the Browns' sideline resembled a MASH unit or, at the least, a busy emergency room after a multicar highway accident. Dr. Vernon Williams, medical director of Kerlan-Jobe Center for Sports Neurology in Los Angeles, agreed that an independent neurologist on the sideline could help some. But he said the longer-term solution rests with eradicating "the gladiator mentality you see in the NFL."
'Unexpected results'
Poets, including former U.S. poets laureate Richard Wilbur and Donald Hall; Pulitzer Prize winner Natasha Trethewey; and Christian Wiman, editor of Poetry magazine; are expected to attend the event. Festival music will be performed by popular local groups such as Eight to the Bar and Brass City Brass.
Sound level: A tad noisy when the room is full
Across the street from Citizens Bank Park, the Eagles blew a big lead earlier in the day against the San Francisco 49ers.
When free agent Peyton Manning decided to leave this wondrous state Saturday night  getting dropped off at Centennial Airport by friend and former teammate and ex-Bronco Brandon Stokley  for the hot Arizona desert (80 degrees today, 86 by midweek), the frenetic buzz surrounding Broncos headquarters at Dove Valley was replaced by a somber silence.
* The first 13 pages are a $600,000 proposal that Henson made to the Ehrlich campaign in July of 2010 that contains what's now known as the "Schurick Doctrine," to "promote confusion, emotionalism and frustration among African-American Democrats." Ehrlich's campaign rejected this proposal, but prosecutors say it shows Henson's intent was to suppress votes.
(CIT)
Chefs in a Garden links chefs to this soil-to-table creation while making money for future endeavors. Tom Schmidt has been part of the event since his restaurant, Franco, opened almost five years ago adjacent to Soulard Market, a measured decision to be close to his food sources.
"We all have an equal stake in a case that challenges the constitutionality of a restriction on a fundamental right," he said.
Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer, a Democrat, recently took the opportunity of a Daily Beast interview to say that Romney's father, George, was "born into (a) polygamy commune in Mexico." (Mitt Romney's grandfather, Gaskell, had one wife, but his great-grandfather, Miles Park Romney, had four and fled to Mexico in 1885 to escape U.S. anti-polygamy laws.)
Lynn's ranch hosts Easter egg hunts, campouts, the occasional concert by the country legend and the Coal Miner's Daughter Museum.
He added, "When you see this many breakdowns, in more than one area, it doesn't take long for the public to start to ask the question, do they have confidence in their ability to control this system?"
Fresh, fried lake perch ($8.99), one of several seafood specials featured on Lenten Fridays, sounded appealing and did not disappoint. The five large filets were moist, deliciously fresh and perfectly breaded.
This spring, we asked readers to tell us their best memory at an Indians game. More than 600 of you responded. All season, The Plain Dealer will publish fan memories -- one each day the Indians are scheduled to play. Here is Sunday's essay by Bob Olsson of South Russell:
This weekend, while the Orioles were in Anaheim, Calif., playing the Los Angeles Angels, executive vice president Dan Duquette met with Jones' agent, Nez Balelo, who is based primarily out of Los Angeles. Duquette would not go into specifics, suggesting it was nothing more than one of several touching-base sessions he had in California.
This gig should give Spagnuolo every opportunity to reposition himself for bigger things down the road, should head coaching again interest him.
*This version corrects the last name of Daniel Peters, the attorney for Harrah's.
"The concern I have is this one line, and I think it's very difficult to prohibit a public facility... in an entire region of the county," she said. "If we did that, we are setting an enormously disastrous policy."
"We're trying to be more friendly," he said. "We're trying to reach out to people. We want our season ticket holders to know they're appreciated."
All but one of the men charged in New Jersey with stolen property conspiracy and other counts lives in Florida.
Spencer Sheets, Valor Christian 34-37-71
The business group's luncheon was provided by Good Taste Catering, LLC, owned by Tina Krizek, who operates from the Deer Creek Overlook kitchen and, along with special events and parties, handles lunches at private schools in the county.
Nowitzki might have received a nice ovation before tipoff, but it was Irving and the Cavs who were bathed in the applause of 17,443 fans at the end as they beat their first opponent with an above-.500 record.
Two months ago, when her lease was up, Franklin didn't flee back to the suburbs. But she did find a "quieter" apartment in Tremont. The downtown experience wasn't quite what she had hoped for.
"We don't want to take her aggressiveness away, but we need to tone her down sometimes. ... She's got a lot of talent, and it's going to be fun watching her for the next three years."
The Kakadu Pet Adventure mat is really pretty. Koko and I took it camping with us and earlier in the night while it was still above 70 degrees, Koko found it a tad too warm to sleep on and instead preferred the cool tent floor.
A version of this review appeared Oct. 21 during the Philadelphia Film Festival.
Woodley is also fantastic. Alexandra reacts exactly as you would expect a 17-year-old to in such a confusing, tragic situation. Woodley sells this completely, yet is also convincing in the part of the role that requires Alexandra to grow up, and fast. Her family needs her -- now.
Department of Ecology teams responding to the new spill determined by noon the material with the consistency of partially ground coffee beans floating on the Columbia was petroleum coke, said Jim Sachet, the department's spill manager for southwest Washington.
636-474-8121.
Cuisine: Seafood
This is, after all, a time when residents are sick of the status quo, career politicians and toe-the-line partisanship. McCollum epitomizes all three.
To report a vehicle that is parked on a public street and has not been moved for three or more consecutive days, call the South San Francisco Police Dispatch Center at 650-829-3939. This is a guided recorded line for the reporting of abandoned vehicles in the Cities of Pacifica and South San Francisco.
Motorists in Olmsted Falls can't miss the raised concrete medians recently installed near a handful of railroad crossings . . . and that's been somewhat of a problem.
Makes 6 mini or 2 regular loaves
Overthrowing a government based in a minority population may open the way to ethnic reprisals. Syria's Christians and the Alawites are reportedly frightened at the possibility of regime change. They fear reprisals and discrimination, along the lines of what Iraq has experienced with cross-group recriminations.
Michael Maffucci, 25, pleaded guilty in Superior Court in Morristown to a single count of promoting illegal gambling. He is the third defendant to admit guilt among 34 people, most of them New Jersey residents.
His impact was tangible as late in the campaign, TruthPAC shifted its strategy and targeted Gilbert with harsh personal attacks.
Campbell Soup Co. is raising its fiscal 2011 adjusted earnings outlook, but the worlds largest soup maker provided a somewhat disappointing forecast for next year, saying its going to focus on investments to improve its products.
Plus, unless your Control Freaks Anonymous meeting does a Secret Santa, most gifts arrive free of the expectation that you'll wear them every day for the rest of your life.
11991 Jerries Ln, $38,109
The Borromeo Seminary Golf Outing will be held June 20 at Little Mountain C.C. Proceeds benefit scholarship support for seminary students. Contact Edie Gauvin at 440-943-7631 or egauvin@dioceseofcleveland.org.
Two juveniles broke into an abandoned building Wednesday at Route 924 and Abingdon Road.
They're just playing like it.
Kuniskis said adding dealers remains a priority and the network should be close to 200 by the end of 2013.
"There's been a lot of financial needs, between eviction and falling back on gas and electric bills," he said. Newark is home to about 25,000 of the state's 500,000 veterans, according to Fanous.
Ravi explained that he told others what he had seen because he needed advice and had shut off and turned his webcam away the second time Clementi asked to use the room, on Sept. 21.
Between the Historic Jersey City and Harsimus Cemetery in Jersey City and a local school used as a backdrop in TV shows like "The Sopranos" lies a secret urban palace selling for $2.3 million.
1028 Port Diane Dr, $121,000
Stripping away myths
Guyota and his siblings were evaluated by the Portland school district and placed into classes at Jefferson. He quickly became close friends with Danny Mwanga, a Congolese student and star soccer player now in Major League Soccer. They were in the same English as a Second Language class.
(9) Wheat Ridge (13-2-2) at (1) Broomfield (13-3-1)
"Our students need to know that their efforts are recognized and rewarded," said interim Superintendent Sandra Schroeder. "They need to be publicly recognized so that they know just how much it means to work hard and succeed."
"At the end of the day, I can control what I can control," he said. "Yeah, I get frustrated that, hey, I feel like I deserve a shot or I want a shot. But at the end of the day, it's just a matter of making sure I lead my teammates in the right direction. The rest will take care of itself."
Sears currently receives $16 million a year in state aid to reimburse the company for its costs to relocate to Hoffman Estates, but that expires next year.
SPARTA  A judge who awarded a Sparta man an additional $900,000 for the pain and suffering he incurred after losing his right leg in a snowmobiling mishap was merely correcting a jurys original award, the victims attorney said today.
Jim Peterson had seen this before.
They both have the same acronym, but one was limiting, and the other is limitless.
The village would have the discretion to terminate any license.
51.5 percent: The share of full-time accountants who are men.
But since Willie Martinez took over as his rider, Trinniberg has been perfect in two stakes races this year  winning the Swale at Gulfstream Park and Bay Shore at Aqueduct by a combined nine lengths. Martinez, who'll be in his fifth Derby, said the horse has grown up.
In eight career games in the Rose Garden, James has averaged 30.4 points, 10.3 rebounds and 7.1 assists. In those games, he has shot 49.7 percent from the field and 46.8 percent (15 of 32) from three-point range, well above his career three-point percentage of 33.3.
Hours: 11:30 a.m. to 10 p.m Mon.Thurs. 11:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. Fri.-Sat. 4 to 8:30 p.m. Sunday.
Who's on the hot seat?
"I still love him," she said. "I've known him my whole life."
"I told her we couldn't pay a cheerleading coach and she said 'Please, I want to do it. I'll do it for nothing. We'll raise money for the uniforms.'"
The decor is still attractive, and quite strikingly different from most Thai places. A tropical forest mural on the wall becomes almost lifelike with the addition of an oasis of plants and small pond. White tablecloths and a formal yet inviting bar set Lalita apart even more.
Actually, breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, said Steve, looking remarkably calm.
Q. You started working in Cleveland on a Martin Luther King Jr. Day and spoke at the King branch. How was the weather that morning?
Like turned himself in late Tuesday, police said. He confessed to the robberies, authorities said.
The Record newspaper reports Diandra Barreto of Hasbrouck Heights and Michael Gallinella of Woodbridge were riding a rented scooter that crashed March 25. The 24-year-old Barreto had a dislocated leg, several spine fractures and a lacerated liver, while the 36-year-old Gallinella had broken ribs, a punctured lung and a possible neck injury.
For an employee earning $120,000, the contribution would be 12 percent, or $2,280, in the first year, rising to 30 percent, or $5,700 in the seventh year.
The Situation and Alex go to his room and start hooking up. Then the blonde waltzes into the room and tells Alex that's she leaving. Alex is fine with that. "You don't want to do this," the blonde tells her. The Situation is less than thrilled with Ann Landers, particularly when Alex heeds her advice. He continues the belabored combat metaphor: The blonde, he says, "was a bomb pretty much, and Pauly D did not know the code to decipher the bomb."
Youre trying to get a lot of people to work together that have only done planning together, said Johnson. With money attached to it, that makes it exponentially harder.
Stangeland, Wadel and Swarnes are still incarcerated on kidnapping charges. Slates was charged with concealing a felony and hindering a prosecution by lying to investigators earlier this year, and remains free on $5,000 bail.
There have been a lot of fears that Assad might try to move Syria's arsenal of chemical weapons and sophisticated missiles to Hezbollah in Lebanon. Though everyone is talking about a military strike against Iran, what are the chances of such an Israeli strike in Syria to prevent weapons from falling into the wrong hands?
2800 block Keller, car stolen, 7:44 p.m.
"It's a very exciting technology," said Melissa Parrish, a Forrester analyst. "It's really cool. Location-based services are poised to do something really incredible. In terms of the usage, though, it's very much emerging."
The Denver Broncos
Customs workers have extended their strike against salary freezes and bonus cuts through next Wednesday, when unions across Greece will hold a general strike that is set to bring the country to a standstill.
Coby Fleener, tight end, Stanford: While ogling quarterback Andrew Luck, did Elway fall in love with the guy catching those perfect spirals? It would make sense for an old quarterback to develop a man crush on a tight end with big-play capability. It also makes more sense than taking a running back in the first round.
Clark said he didn't know the neighbors and "couldn't recognize one person if I saw one, there was just so many people going in and out there."
Write it down. If you're doing an internship for credit, you'll probably be asked to create a portfolio of your work to be graded. But take the time to do what Sarah Jackson did when she was doing her internship at the Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site. The McKendree University junior kept a log of what she did, but also of what she learned. It's a great way to chart your progress and to reinforce the knowledge or skills you've gained.
After Monday's meeting, senior officials said they expected a debt-restructuring accord in "coming days," in time to launch a bond-exchange offer to private investors by mid-February.
St. Louis city youth are killed by gun violence more often than in any other city except New Orleans, according to federal data released today.
The company, based in in Great Bend, Kan., sells personal care and household cleaning products directly and through retailers such as Byerly's and Home Depot.
Instead, we ended our evening at Hugo's Cellar, a steak and seafood house in the Four Queens Hotel-Casino. It's a real touch of old Vegas. The maitre d' hands each woman a long-stemmed red rose, then puts the flower in a bud vase to decorate the table. Entrees come with salads tossed tableside, made with the diner's choice of a dozen ingredients, from bay shrimp to blue cheese to hearts of palm, and with a dessert of chocolate-dipped dried and fresh fruit. Prices range from about $45 to $55. At meal's end, the waiter wraps the bottom of the rose in aluminum foil for safe transport back to home or hotel.
"I don't how Golden Boy's going to take it, but I'm ready to make a statement, I'm ready to pull the upset."
Electrical work by Transel Elevator Inc., the servicing company for the office building at 285 Madison Ave., "has now become the focus of our investigation," said Anthony Sclafani, spokesman for the city Department of Buildings. He didn't provide further details about the scope and nature of the work.
Of course, it might not be realistic to spend hours driving to a destination, particularly when flying might be faster and cheaper.
You need to figure out why your math is different. Are you lying to yourself (and/or your girlfriend) about ever wanting kids? Are you just unwilling to suck it up? Are you waiting for something concrete, specific and realistic to change?
Best baseball toolbox: Louisville Slugger, Louisville, Ky. Baseball's favorite lumber yard has been turning trees into bats since 1884. The old plant has been turned into a museum for the wood swung by players such as Babe Ruth and Ted Williams. A gigantic replica bat sits out front. The Louisville Slugger is the "official bat of Major League Baseball," but competition has cut into its onetime near monopoly. Today 60 percent of major league players use the company's ash and maple bats. They keep all the specs on players' preferences (Example: Prince Fielder, first base, Milwaukee Brewers: Bat Model C271, ash, black finish, length, 33.5 inches; weight, 34 ounces). You can buy a model with your own name on it, just like the major leaguers. Only it's not  the finest grain is still set aside for the pros.
September is National Preparedness Month, sponsored by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Its motto for the month: "This September: A Time To Remember. A Time To Prepare."
Powell says state police are working with the Illinois Department of Transportation to decrease the number of crashes on these ramps and are offering up plenty of suggestions. The most common sense advice, he says, is to pay attention to posted signs near the ramps.
With the first month of the season now in the books, what has Girardi seen from his team so far? Call it a mixed bag of bag of the good and bad.
CLEVELAND, Ohio  The Indians new first-base coach, Tom Wiedenbauer, spent 35 years with the Houston Astros as a player, coach, manager, coordinator and scout before coming to Cleveland in 2011 as minor-league field coordinator. Wiedenbauer is the Indians outfield and base-running coach.
1. Cover the metal ends and feet of each leg with the tape.
"A crazy weekend ended with the Cavaliers losing 100-84, dropping their record to 20-39 on the season. 20 wins means that the Cavaliers earned more victories this season in a shortened season than they did all of last season.
After an Indiana timeout, Hill hit a floater from the wing, but Davis again matched it on the Magic's next possession.
Revenues have been down for 35 months in a row as the casinos in the nation's second-largest gambling market deal with the uncertain economy and increased competition from surrounding states.
Leonardo didn't describe the circumstances that would compel such a jump. "His mind is zooming here and there about devices to be used in the air," says Oxford University emeritus professor Martin Kemp, one of the world's foremost da Vinci authorities.
Meanwhile, Lin's success is leading to a few bits of racial awkwardness. Last night, CNBC's Darren Rovell caused a minor stir via Twitter by posting a picture of a graphic that was apparently used by MSG last night. It depicted Lin's head popping out of a fortune cookie with the words, "The Knicks Good Fortune."
Johnson urged some of the campers to join the "nomadic shelter" program, in which homeless men and women sleep in rotating houses of worship on cold winter nights.
The plant should turn out four completed aircraft by year's end. By the end of 2013, the plant should be producing about three-and-a-half of the speedy, light aircraft made half of composite material of carbon fiber-reinforced plastic.
"I wish we had built them all with basements," said Rich Knowland, Lennar's regional vice president.
For months now, conservatives have been watching the endless series of debates, waiting for someone to finally bloody Romneys nose, especially on his claim of electability. So kudos to liberal attack dog Gregory for putting the issue on the table; for about 10 minutes, we got both fireworks and substance.
Georgia and Russia fought a brief but intense war in 2008, and distrust between the two countries still runs high.
Third: the Michael Jackson one. Despite a rather weak beginning, this one really cooks after the first 10 minutes or so.
Dayton's understandable chest-pounding is a fine example of a strangely common political phenomenon -- in which politicians or advocates send out a spin statement accompanying some report and in it contradict what the report itself says.
Four of five: $756
"He was our fifth all-time leading jockey here," Miller said, adding that the park will hold a tribute for Razo after its last race Sunday. A picture of Razo with the words, "In loving memory," was posted on the jockey room door.
This operation couldn't look more down-home: La Frontera is a truck parked in an empty lot. Out front are a few oil cloth-draped tables, shaded by a blue awning.
Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak replied, Whats wrong in these critical remarks is the built-in assumption that the governor does not care about the Highlands watershed or conservation of that area of New Jersey. That is just plain wrong. Unfortunately, theres hardly an interest group or advocacy group that received state funding that didnt have it cut, in some cases dramatically. These are difficult times  to put it mildly  and all funding will be reassessed and prioritized once our revenues increase, reform is put in place and we stabilize our fiscal position. We will also continue to look closely to determine whether the previous structure and roles of funded organizations were effective and efficient.
The woman said they were just up for the weekend and needed a room for two days, Williams said. I put them in the back side (of the motel) next to my room because it's quiet.
Last year GM offered to buy back Volts from any customers worried about safety. In January the automaker advised Volt owners to take the cars to a dealer for free repairs. Steel was added to plates that protect the batteries, which GM said provided additional protection to minimize fire risk.
The loss assured Golden State a 14th straight season without a win in San Antonio. Put another way, the Warriors have never won in San Antonio since Duncan was drafted in 1997.
State authorities say more than 400 people turned themselves in Saturday, the first day of the program being staged at Grace Assembly of God Church in Atlantic City. After taking a break Sunday, the program will resume Monday and continue through Wednesday.
His wash-and-wear styles included the bob, the Five-Point cut and the "Greek Goddess," a short, tousled perm - inspired by the "Afro-marvelous-looking women" he said he saw in New York's Harlem.
He advises consumers to avoid all sprouts, which are grown from seeds in warm environments that become incubators for salmonella, E. coli O157:H7 and other harmful pathogens.
All branches of Monterey County Free Libraries will be closed Thursday for a staff day.
He departed St. Louis two days later. He returned in 1953 for Washington University's centennial celebration, when he confessed to holding guarded hope for civilization. He visited again in 1959 to speak at Mary Institute in Ladue (now Mary Institute St. Louis Country Day Academy and, like Smith, once a prep school for Washington U.) Eliot died in London on Jan. 5, 1965 at age 76.
Safety T.J. McDonald and tackle George Uko were defensive standouts Thursday. ... Kiffin, when asked about the Trojans' defense being ahead of the offense so far, said, "I think the gap's closing." Then he paused for a moment and said, "I just used that term. Never used that. The gap closed." Last November, a few days before USC played UCLA, former UCLA coach Rick Neuheisel said, "We have closed the gap more with 'SC." The Trojans won, 50-0.
Although a blended orgasm will offer a woman plenty of pleasure, the truth is that all orgasms are created equal. It is risky to suggest that one type of orgasm is better than another, or that women who don't reach vaginal orgasm easily are less sexually attune than women who do. Freud himself once described a clitoral orgasm as "immature," suggesting that vaginal orgasms are the true goal of sexual fulfillment. Talk about pressure! Women often have a hard enough time relaxing and enjoying sex without feeling like their natural responses are "immature" or not good enough.
Ignition Partners managing director Frank Artale, who will join AppFog's board, said the company's backers favored a large investment round to enable rapid growth -- three to five times its initial developer base.
St. Charles West 16, Zumwalt South 0
Source: Harold Brooks, research meteorologist, National Severe Storms Center, Norman, Okla. The National Weather Service began formally archiving tornado data in 1950; earlier totals are based on various historical accounts.
In fact, if youre going to try to rationalize a stupid action by an athlete over the last week, youd have a much easier time doing it with Amare Stoudemire. Following the Knicks' 104-94 Game 2 loss to the Heat, Stoudemire punched the door that held a fire extinguisher and cut his hand. Reports still vary on how serious the cuts are, but he clearly wont play Thursday in Game 3 in New York and hes probably done for the series, which means hes probably done for the season. Stoudemire was immediately branded stupid, selfish and guilty of an unforgivable act.
Greensfelder, Hemker & Gale PC law firm raised and donated $23,000 to the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Missouri.
The festival has become a tradition for local residents and out-of-town visitors looking to admire and purchase art as well as enjoy the Valley's winter weather.
In about a quarter of the 2010 Arizona-documented cases, CPS had some file on the family. Of those, a third of the cases were still open.
The easy success in Poland, vindicating Hitler's judgment and disproving the caution of his generals, convinced Hitler and his entourage that nothing was impossible for the Third Reich. Here was the new Aryan, totalitarian, single-purposed supercountry, a society based on racial purity and devotion to its infallible leader, a power that seemed irresistible.
Parents and other readers reacted on Facebook and Twitter:
Another report showed home prices in 20 U.S. cities dropped at a slower pace in February, pointing to stabilization in the real-estate market. The S&P/Case-Shiller index of property values fell 3.5 percent from a year earlier, the smallest 12-month drop since February 2011, a report from the group showed today in New York. The gauge climbed from the prior month on a seasonally adjusted basis for the first time since April of last year.
He wasn't the only 76er to deliver a heroic effort, either.
The Lucases, who travel the globe for their oil business, own five residences. They spend much of their time at a country home in Marengo, 20 miles from the Indiana plant that produces 70 percent of their product.
Makenna Reeves, a senior at Principia College in Elsah, Ill., said she was on the team that helped build the solar car, which is named Ra 6 for the Egyptian sun god.
Chas Dodd is in the game. He completes his first pass to Mohamed Sanu for 20 yards but drive stalls.
Pharmacists say they are under more pressure than ever, processing in some cases 400 or 500 prescriptions a day. It's easy to make a mistake, especially because drugs are stocked in alphabetical order.
Sire: Tiznow (Cee's Tizzy). Dam: Crystal Shard (Mr. Prospector).
The justices also asked about possible harm to students, statutory obligations, the enforceability of the law and the fact that the King-Willmann case involves a sole student as opposed to many.
Woods, now 36, won the Arnold Palmer Invitational on Sunday at Bay Hill in Orlando, Fla., shooting 13 under par for the tournament and whipping second-place finisher Graeme McDowell by five shots for his first official PGA Tour victory in more than 2-1/2 years. He did win his own Chevron World Challenge in December, but that was like beating himself.
The community-building trend is extending to upstart businesses such as Chicago-based mobile-game developer Bravado Waffle.
The justices strongly suggested Wednesday that they are ready to let Arizona enforce the most controversial part of its law, a requirement that police officers check the immigration status of people they suspect are in the country illegally. Such a ruling could codify the type of local enforcement that some local authorities in Arizona have carried out over the last six years and open the door to such enforcement in states with similar laws, such as Alabama, Georgia, Indiana, South Carolina and Utah.
 Chrysler sales jumped 20 percent, with the Ram pickup posting a 19-percent gain. Chrysler was also helped at the smaller end of the lineup, where Fiat 500 small cars sold four times as many as they did last April. But KBB.com noted that Chrysler is offering $3,000 incentives on the Chrysler 200 and Dodge Avenger, and said the company is relying too heavily on deals to drive sales.
"Demand had no where to go but up," Molony said.
This vast and diverse citizenry will not always agree on every issue - nor should we. But I also know that we, as a country, cannot sustain our leadership nor navigate the momentous challenges of our time if we allow ourselves to be split asunder by the same rancor and cynicism and partisanship that has in recent times poisoned our national discourse.
composite index rose 21.96, or 1 percent, to 2,303.03.
I want to be somebody in this league, Batum said. Not just on this team. I want to be recognized as one of the best defenders in the league.
The brawny left-handed hitter passed Paul Konerko on Chaparral's single-season home run record list this year and leads the state with 17 home runs. Cozens transferred from Desert Mountain last year.
And while my son took pictures of his wild mother as she danced in a circle of amazed Chinese, I would never need those photos to remember. That dance, with that woman, had become more valuable than any purchase, any visit to a monument. For me, that dance would last forever.
Will 2012 finally be the year when the camera industry settles on one name for a common next-generation style of camera? They'd better get hopping. These new cameras could kill off the consumer SLR by 2013. The idea is to combine the most desirable features of an SLR (a large image sensor for superior photos and low-light performance, interchangeable lenses) and a compact (slides easily into a jacket pocket). Sometimes they're called "mirrorless compacts" and other times they're "compact interchangeable-lens cameras."
Deadline: 4 p.m. April 3 at Crestwood City Hall
By March 1998, Sealy, under its new ownership, announced it was moving its headquarters to North Carolina so it could be near the nation's furniture manufacturing center. State and local North Carolina officials offered $600,000 in incentives to make the move attractive.
In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup water and sugar and bring to a simmer. Stir until sugar dissolves, then remove from heat and cool 30 minutes. Add strawberries, lemon zest and 3 basil leaves. Refrigerate 4 hours. Strain the strawberries from the syrup and refrigerate berries. Strain syrup to remove zest and basil.
The qualified endorsements by Anthony Wieners and Ed Brannigan, who represent more than 49,000 officers between them, could add momentum to calls for expanded testing following a series of Star-Ledger reports last week showing hundreds of law enforcement officers and firefighters obtained steroids and human growth hormone from a doctor who often prescribed them illegally.
How do you view Brandon's role going forward?
And not just a New Yorker. In the classic childrens book Ramona the Pest, a 5-year-old girl living in Portland in 1968 walks to the neighborhood school by herself, and its not around the corner.
"Who is that?" she'll ask.
Light, simple, and relying heavily on stove-top and cold preparation, crab might make a nice early Thanksgiving menu for those who must shuttle between families. It could also work for families like mine who eat late and want a snack but must keep the oven free for the hated bird.
PLEASANT HILL -- The seven people who were killed at Oikos University in Oakland a month ago will be remembered at a pray vigil Thursday night at Diablo Valley College in Pleasant Hill.
But they have no plans for vacations or major expenditures. Jori Brenner, 34, started couponing a few years ago and has become skilled enough to save the family a couple of hundred dollars a month.
Manager Dale Sveum doesn't believe Marmol should be replaced in the closer role, and unfortunately for the growing number of skeptics in the stands, he's the only vote that counts.
Jim Campbell, U.S. vice president for Chevrolet performance vehicles and motorsports, told The Associated Press at Saturday night's NASCAR race that the manufacturer is near capacity for its Indy 500 effort. Should some engines that are presently spoken for become available, Campbell said he'd work with the existing Chevrolet teams to meet their needs before offering engines elsewhere.
In 1979, he became a youth services coordinator for Cuyahoga County. In 1980, he began five years as a county employment service specialist. Then came 17 years as an assistant in the county administrator's office, managing public information, preparing budgets and more.
In the photo, Itzcoatl Ocampo is grinning widely. The first fatal stabbing of the four homeless men who police suspect were killed by Ocampo was reported Dec. 21.
Game 3, at Detroit, noon April 15, NBC, CBC
The Ducks also put their leadoff batter on base in the third, fourth and eighth innings, and in each case advanced the runner in scoring position with less than two outs and failed to score.
Prop. A takes aim at this system by mandating competitive bidding, standard practice for most government work and, in the case of garbage collection, used by the overwhelming majority of other cities in the state. Putting the contract out to bid ensures the best bargain for San Francisco and could bring other benefits such as franchise fees in the millions, backers argue.
Another approach that Flynn and Burnham recommend: Buy a vintage rug that's already worn. Faded colors and frayed spots are part of the charm, so you won't mind further wear-and-tear.
In a written statement, Athletic Director Tim Pernetti said his department has worked in a transparent fashion and has consistently tried to reach out to all university constituents.
John Staten, 30, Marquise Foster, 25, and Alrashim Chambers, 23, were arraigned before Superior Court Judge Harold W. Fullilove in Newark as family members of the two murder victims somberly looked on from the gallery.
Thomas should be known as Mr. Big Catch. Just two years ago, the Broncos' Brandon Marshall had 200 yards receiving while setting an NFL record with 21 catches. Thomas had 204 receiving yards in his first-ever playoff game on only four catches.
Exhibitor Sarah Fishback, director of operations for the Institute for Sustainable Development, said she spent most of her day educating small-business owners how sustainability certification programs can be used as a marketing tool, save energy and attract talent, especially the younger generation interested in social responsibility.
Wilkinson, who tightly controlled the pace of play in his first two seasons as coach, loosened the reins on his now free-wheeling club.
Militia members are charged with conspiring to commit rebellion against the government and other crimes. There was no actual attack. Jurors have the day off while defense attorneys argue for acquittal. Prosecutors rested their case last week.
Jurors were told that Moses paid Peterson for sex, but then tried to get his money back. Rankins attempted to steal her coat, a recent Christmas gift from Peterson's mother, and punched her several times, Moawad said.
Despite all the spring speculation about the old and the new of the Rox, Tracy will make the difference between the winning and the losing this season.
Taveras ran it in 4.18.
Murphysboro, IL 62966
exiting Interstate 55 at Loughborough Avenue.
Tax officials barred the Australian actor from returning to his Los Angeles home for two weeks over the matter in 2010 when he returned to Sydney for his mother's funeral. Hogan's lawyers eventually secured a deal that allowed him to leave Australia.
The proposal was met with much opposition by residents who voiced their opinions at the March 13 Township Committee meeting.
Columbus, Ohio - Find 2009 Ohio district report card information for each of the more than 600 school districts in the state by searching this database. Use this link to instead find report cards for the individual school buildings.
One of the things that I have found helpful is remembering that forgiveness is not the same as forgetting. Forgiveness does not mean everything can go back to the way it was before someone injured you. We do not need to let people back into our lives as a result of forgiving them. Nor do we need to say to them, "It does not matter that you injured me." That is not forgiveness. When we forgive, we learn how to cut off the tentacles of hurt that have wrapped themselves tightly into our souls. We give up that hurt.
Goldschmidt had gone 88 at-bats since his last home run, which came in the first inning of the season opener against Giants ace Tim Lincecum. Goldschmidt also had a pair of infield singles on Friday, his three hits tying a career best.
Top-ranked Novak Djokovic complains the surface makes it difficult to judge the ball's bounce.
Yawger said "Everybody was drunk. Everybody involved was plastered."
I love the program "Jeopardy," but I need time to answer because I'm at the age when I've lost a bit of my ahhh, ahhh, oh yeah, memory. When I watch this program, I know the answer (question) 90 percent of the time, but it takes time to retrieve it from the far corner of my brain. The answer is always on the back of my tongue.
The criticism has been just as fierce from the other side.
Soggy.
Police are investigating three separate shootings reported hours apart in Northeast and North Portland on Saturday.
Class 2A-1A North Region
The five-year report also found that the current data collected by the bureau doesn't sufficiently capture the factors that cause an officer to engage in a search.
Langella, to dredge up anecdotes that practically stretch back to Pola Negri, he kept a diary? No. Absolutely not. Ive never made one single note. And I dont like computers. I wrote this longhand. Took a year from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. How could he reprise so many memories? Please. Im an actor. Thats what I do. I memorize. I store things in my head. Total recall. If I saw you 10 years from now, I could recount everything you wore tonight.
Both declined to identify who will pay their campaign's legal bills, although they acknowledge overlapping interests and say donors so far prefer have preferred to remain behind the scenes and avoid the political spotlight.
--OF Josh Reddick has a six-game hitting streak during which he is 9-for-22 with three doubles, two homers and six RBIs. Reddick is batting 16-for-45 on the road compared to .204 at home.
"Reporting the Arts" with Anne-Marie O'Connor, RJ Smith and Joe Woodward. Moderated by Orli Low 11 a.m. Sunday (Hancock Foundation)
About 25 years later, after he had left the priesthood, he took his innovative thinking to an administrative job at Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center in Camden, establishing several programs for the homeless.
According to Auction.com, the property's most recent real-estate value was set at $620,000 in August 2010. The developer's initial loan on the project was worth about $7.4 million, according to Maricopa County records.
South Africa has led regional efforts to get Zimbabwe's political rivals to draft a new constitution and take other steps to ensure the next elections are peaceful. The 88-year-old Mugabe is pushing for elections this year, though few observers think a vote this year could be free or fair.
There were so many that we had to buy an extra answering machine, said Zafar. We didnt want to delete any of them.
A hearing in scheduled for Wednesday on the department's budget proposal.
"Once I got Blown Away, it opened the door for me to be different," she says. "I loved that song so much that, if we had a whole rest of the album that did not fit with BlownAway, I would have kept Blown Away and figured out what we could have done with the rest of the album."
Political fallout from the atomic mess almost certainly will break up Japan's powerful nuclear lobby.
At the SPCA of Texas, the dogs and cats are as cute and cuddly as ever, but with the exception of the McKinney location. fewer are being adopted. Through March 24th of last year, 1907 found homes. So far this year, 1716. Maura Davies says the number of pets coming in and going out is flat.
The Syrian General Intelligence Directorate has been implicated in serious human rights abuses, such as arbitrary arrests and the death of detainees, the administration said.
On the other hand, "Uncertainty about future economic conditions remains high while consumer confidence levels are at historic lows, with many households reporting they are living from one paycheck to the next," he said.
"Counter" draws heavily on Mime Troupe veterans to achieve a fairly high standard of production values, from the direction by Sharon Lockwood to Dan Chumley's finely detailed diner set and the pitch-perfect bluesy accompaniment by Bruce Barthol. Bay Area gem Joan Mankin plays the lead.
"Both headline and core inflation should be a lot lower by the end of this year," said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics, in a note to clients.
"Because of that flow coming down the river, we will be close to flood stage all summer. That's then new normal," said Wes Browning, chief of the local Weather Service office in Weldon Spring. "But if we get much above normal rainfall, or big bursts of rain, there's likely to be trouble."
For lighting, Anthropologie offers a stacked glass table lamp ($298) a la 1970s kitsch in citrus shades, while a more modern shape can be found in the orange dome pendant by Kartell, for $263.
The measure was designed as a compromise after aldermen last year narrowly defeated a proposed ban on the sale of dogs and cats at pet stores. Both are aimed at limiting the availability of animals supplied by so-called puppy mills.
Tell us how much was taken from the fund in the last 6 to 10 years. Would the amount start with a "B"?
The Saws N' Steam: Into the Machine haunted house recycles a theme from last year.
"Is this my new reality?" she asked.
Treanor was behind the plate Monday when Kershaw pitched 5 1/3 innings in the Dodgers' 4-3 defeat to the Cleveland Indians. In what was his longest appearance of the exhibition season, Kershaw held the Indians to a run and three hits and struck out five. The run was the first he had given up this spring.
"It remains an open and serious question whether the military as an institution or the generals and ex-generals will stomach the idea - much less the reality - of a landslide by Aung San Suu Kyi and her party in 2015," he said.
They walk by flower beds that might not be tended as obsessively as in years past.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- As of Aug. 29, nearly 112,000 people in the United States are on the waiting list for an organ transplant. As many as a few hundred of those patients are HIV-positive.
Pick4: 5168 Payoff: $3,048.50
Turning an old, vacant building on Delmar Avenue into a vibrant, community-oriented facility is what Mark Maynard, Emily Epperson, Jonathan Cox and Mark Goins plan to do.
1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
Since no roads will be closed, there is no official detour for this phase of the project. Any alternate routes would be best decided by drivers based on their destination, said Nathan Riggs, spokesperson for INDOT, Greenfield District.
At least 43 protesters have been killed since Nov. 19 and 2,000 wounded, most of them in Cairo. Landmark parliamentary elections will start Monday.
April fool.
Chabala giveaway nearly turns into disaster. Shot blocked
"I don't know if he is ready to compete," Lananna said.
Within months of Karr's arrival, he got a job at St. Joseph's Convent, a girls' school. But he was dismissed from that job for undisclosed reasons.
 2. Cut the mental lapses: The Kings have had far too many mental errors late in games that have led to defeat. Bad fouls and soft defense late in games will lead to more losses.
At Penn, a team of specialists has been assembled to interview and evaluate hand transplant candidates. The team includes social workers, psychologists, ethicists, and financial counselors, as well as physicians.
About 650 jobs will be lost when plants are closed in Amarillo, Texas; Garden City, Kansas; and Waterloo Iowa, company spokesman Rich Jochum said. The closures will take effect May 25. A plant in South Sioux City, Neb., will remain open but run at reduced capacity.
One possibility, should the economy worsen, would be for the Fed to buy more mortgage securities. Doing so could help push down mortgage rates and help boost home purchases. The weak housing market has been slowing the broader economy.
"That's the part of the game that's gotten away the last four is my relentlessness on the puck," Oshie said. "I got that back. I wasn't going to focus on setting up the play. I was going to focus on being relentless and let the skill take over after my work ethic does."
Vic does have a hearing problem and some memory loss from a serious accident in South Woodbury near his home in 2008 when he was struck by a car crossing the street.
Asaro said there is discussion to have Sacramento State and UC Davis games at Raley, perhaps against Cal and Stanford.
In addition, Kodak owned a string of important patents on digital imaging hardware and processing techniques, including one for the world's first megapixel sensor, developed in 1986, which was capable of producing snapshot-size pictures as sharp as the company's finest-grain films. Yet it failed to capitalize on these strengths.
* Gift Ideas:Since these loving pups like to do everything together, Spencer should get Angela this romantic Lazybonezz double feeding dish ($79 at 114 W. 26th St.; lazybonezz.com).
Similarly, accounting firm Ernst & Young, says it plans to recruit recent graduates to fill 5,000 full-time jobs and internships in the United States and Canada.
She had met a guy. Sparks flew. They set off in search of condoms at 2 a.m.
John Rainey, an administrator at Wiregrass Medical Center, in Geneva, said a child was brought in with injuries then flown to another hospital. The staff had geared up to try to help other survivors, but their hopes were dashed when reports of the deaths came in.
One inmate did the worm as Martucci played Usher's "Yeah!" while another said he did the robot so that he could use a phone to contact relatives after a family member's death.
Tables are closely packed at Mozza, and it's not unusual for tables next to each other to start up a conversation, usually with someone asking advice on what to order -- you'll have to lean very close, though, because this is one of the noisiest restaurants around.
I met Cameron at the insistence of Nicole Fama, one of the educators responsible for the remarkable transformation that has occurred at Arlington Woods over the past two years. She had told me Cameron exemplifies how much students are learning and thriving under the school's turnaround program, Project Restore. But he's something else as well: a symbol of the urgent need to get serious about improving all of Indianapolis' schools.
The task force is not necessarily creating solutions yet, city spokesman Grady Wheeler said, but it's thinking of possibilities and gauging where on the city's priority list this job falls.
"We're not facing the same risks we were facing a year ago when the economy was falling off a cliff," Herzon said. "I would say the economy is turning, fiscal stimulus is working, and I would be inclined to just be patient."
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP)  The Phoenix Coyotes are on the brink of their first Western Conference finals thanks to their stingy goalie and the captain who traveled with the franchise from Winnipeg to the desert.
The judge did not consider the testimony of the now-16-year-old victim, who was excused after refusing to testify. The Associated Press is not identifying the teen because he is a minor. Assistant State's Attorney Kevin Wiggins struggled to get the teen to speak on the witness stand about the incident. The emotional teen's words were inaudible and he frequently put his head down in his lap. Finally, he stood, declaring that he shouldn't have called police and he wouldn't testify anymore. The teen's testimony stricken from the record, but his 911 call recording was allowed.
Ed Ong, 71, said having Chinese Americans serving as mayors of both Oakland and San Francisco says a lot about how the Chinese community has grown since the parade's humble beginnings.
He shuts out those thoughts by going swimming or getting a massage. The conversations with Cecilia help a lot, too, and listening to his kids talk about school - and all those other moments he missed out on for so long.
No. 2 Loyola at No. 3 Calvert Hall, Friday, 7 p.m.
Boring, 97009
They are given access, including personal cell phone numbers, to teachers who demand accountability in return.
Question: Watching "The Rum Diary" (which opens Friday) actually makes you feel as if you have a hangover. How do you convincingly play a drunk?
After the show, Shanahans wife said, Someday youre going to do this play.
This book is a result of what Delbanco says is two decades of visiting more than 100 colleges of all types, from community colleges to the undergraduate divisions of research universities.
continues to break new ground with his lush French-California style. He's worked for several Michelin three-star chefs, including Paul Bocuse and Roger Verge, and his training is evident on each plate. When the restaurant reopened after a fire several years ago, Keller and partner Maurice Rouas reconstructed the tented dining room while improving the bar, private dining rooms and kitchen. Last year Keller opened a Fleur de Lys in Las Vegas, but even when he's away from his San Francisco restaurant, the food continues to shine.
Madonna's tour in support of new album "MDNA" will kick off May 31 at Ramat Gan Stadium in Tel Aviv, two days later than previously announced. Promoters said Thursday the change was caused by production delays.
Smoking and curing are centuries-old methods of preserving salmon that highlight the natural sweetness of fish. Three types and serving suggestions:
WASHINGTON -- The nation's five largest mortgage lenders have agreed to overhaul their industry after deceptive foreclosure practices drove homeowners out of their homes, government officials said Monday.
"The reports of the three Republican committees do not show the substantial sums of money that theyve been able to raise unseen and unreported through the governors blatant end-run around campaign finance reforms through his 501(c)4," said Wisniewski, an assemblyman from Middlesex County.
Because Medicare and Medicaid are two of the largest contributors to the country's long-term debts, slower growth in health costs could reduce the pressure for enormous spending cuts or tax increases.
If I have to sit in this traffic again to go somewhere I couldve walked to, Im going to kill someone, one orchestra member grumbled.
Portland -- and Vancouver -- "Project Runway" clearly thinks we are looking good.
Pre-match hype song: It's a little belated (since I was on vacation last week) but this was hands down the best band I saw during the three-day Middle of the Map Fest -- El Ten Eleven.* They were amazing and really have to be seen to be believed. This is My Only Swerving. They do all of the looping effects live.
Roche noted a "number of reasons" for overruns, including "but not limited to unforeseen conditions, unanticipated additional work and contractual claims/penalties." Roche added that the Ohio Department of Transportation also reviewed and approved the change orders.
"It is weird that the same brand name applies to such different chemicals," said Mark A.R. Kleiman, a University of California, Los Angeles, professor who studies drug policy. "That just strikes me as odd, and I think sort of unprecedented."
"I'm so honored," the 87-year-old said, moments after a green highway sign bearing the name of her son, Sgt. Joe Schuengel, was unveiled inside his former Missouri Highway Patrol Troop C headquarters.
Still, I get it. Gimme speed, and fie on the anticipation of yet another discovery at the turn of the page. A guy named Aesop once spoke of the virtue of slow and steady. Look it up in your Funk & Wagnalls.
Wednesday's arrests come as top lawmakers appealed to health care professionals in the private sector to help combat Medicare fraud. Six members of the Senate Finance Committee announced a bipartisan effort to solicit ideas from interested stakeholders in the health care community looking for a fresh perspective and potential solutions that may have been overlooked.
Our founding fathers understood society inherently contains strong anti-democratic forces and provided us with a remedy in these times of crisis. We can amend our constitution and right our democracy. To do so is as American as America itself. We have done it before, 12 times in the 20th century, three of them overturning unpopular U.S. Supreme Court decisions.
At KansasCity.com/starmagazine: More places around the region to encounter unexpected art  Topeka; Joplin, Mo.; and Ames, Iowa.
Whoa, $5 Hurricanes? Free gumbo? And a set by the Revolution Brass Band?
I've been in the retirement plan industry for 40 years, and I manage about $500 million at the company I founded. I set in motion the national legislation that calls for disclosure of hidden 401(k) investment fees, and I've been a columnist for this newspaper for 14 years. Moreover, I have a jaundiced view of the financial services industry and I know something about managing money. My time is flexible. I can afford to be a dollar-a-year man in Sacramento for one day a month.
"It's going to be all local and live people, and that's where we want to be," Dorsey said.
The ticket to Houston is a particularly satisfying accomplishment for Liggins and three other regulars on the roster who endured the wrath of only qualifying for the NIT two seasons ago. At most schools, the NIT is a welcome door prize. For Kentucky  which had avoided it since 1979  it was a black eye.
And while the first real-world Lisa's Legacy 5K Race/Walk is just days away, the 2010 race has already been drawn and will appear in newspapers this time next year.
On the three blocks directly across the street from Denby, students board and exit the city bus a few feet from a dozen vacant housing units, most of which are in wretched condition, a Free Press survey found. There are no poles for streetlights on that side of the road.
From University of Portland athletics
Dark Horse was a machine with oversize collections of Conan, which originally were published by Marvel, and a ton of others including repackaging "Star Wars," "Aliens" "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and a very cool collection of Harvey kids comics from the 1950s and '60s: "Casper," "Hot Stuff" and "Baby Huey."
Santana said that he'd seen a lot of budgets, and that could probably be explained by a loss of grant money from the federal or state government.
Another man who answered the door at the house later Sunday declined to come out or discuss the shooting.
Glide by Sail or Paddle: Named to SAIL magazine's "10 Greatest Places to Sail in the U.S.," the area offers regattas, sailing charters and schools, including sailing for those with disabilities. (charlotteharbortravel.com)
Were told the blond bombshell and model of the moment so wanted to be at fashions big night out that she plunked down $25,000 of her own money to attend this years gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
"We came in the same year and he's a guy that's made a lot of big-time plays for us at Oklahoma State," said Weeden. "Josh is actually going to live with me, so we'll be able to help each other learn this entire system and get through this entire process."
station 107.5 FM "The Fox" plans to broadcast from the event both days between noon and 2 p.m.
The short seasonal menu has been called rustic, but it's better described as food you'd like to cook at home for friends -- if you had grown up cooking at your Italian grandmother's side and honed your skills for four years at Oliveto, as chef-owner Jon Smulewitz did. Typical dishes are a salad of pork confit with bitter greens; rigatoni with swordfish, tomato, capers and olives; wide pasta ribbons called stradette with leek cream and Parmesan -- and the thin-crust pizzas that are Dopo's specialty.
Cynthia Yeh, the Chicago Symphony's principal percussionist, said that when it turned out an actual Model T crank did not project well enough, a giant ratchet had to be constructed out of wood and spray-painted silver.
When this happens it's always a little miracle, because there's no way to know it in advance. But each actor found something in the character that was very close to them. ... Each one found similarities to their own personalities.
It all makes for a retro-fitted Oscar night, including bringing back Billy Crystal for his ninth stint as host. Among the presenters: Cleveland native Halle Berry, Chris Rock, Tom Cruise, Michael Douglas, the cast of "Bridesmaids," Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy. The awards show starts at 8:30 p.m. on WEWS Channel 5, but the red-carpet pre-shows kick off at 5:30 p.m. on E! and 7 p.m. on Channel 5.
As Colon winds his business down, he's unsure of his future.
"We want to bring sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll back to the mainstream pop culture," Gibson said. "We're just a bunch of dudes rocking and rolling, getting crazy."
"Anytime they call, I'm available," Lil' Mo says of the folks behind Joyner's long-running syndicated radio show and the spinoffs connected with it. This past spring, the singer was booked for a spot on Joyner's "Fantastic Voyage" cruise to destinations that included Cozumel, Mexico.
Though no one is going to mistake midtown's Caf Marika for the Love Shack or Laughs Unlimited, in reality, these two restaurateurs are actually funny and as warm and sincere as the food they bring to the table.
This complaint is without merit, and Sprint categorically denies the complaint's allegations, the company said in a statement. We have collected and paid over to New York every penny of sales taxes on mobile wireless services that we believe our customers owe under New York state law.
"He's a playmaker, and he's done it against the best in college football, which is hard to do," Baalke added.
The mishap happened at 10 p.m. Thursday at the Olive Garden, 6130 E. 82nd St. after Sergio Maldonado Castrellons parents had ordered a Wildberry Frullato for his birthday, according to an Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department report.
Several months ago the agency's board of directors initiated closed-door talks with Ford about making a change at the top. The brokered agreement was announced Wednesday, after contentious contract negotiations with the operators' union were wrapped up.
Ed McCoy, a commercial mariner from San Diego, has sailed the Newport-Ensenada Race a dozen times. He says the spate of recent fatalities could change a southern California racing culture that can be cavalier about wearing life jackets. "Previously, in most conditions I would be surprised if I saw someone wearing a life jacket," he says. "I think that's going to be changing in the coming year, either because it is Coast Guard mandated or people will be more conscious about the safety of their crew."
Carlyle employs approximately 1,300 people in 33 offices across six continents.
"Its revenue projections assume that every new product introduction will be a hit," Trzcinka says. "This is especially worrisome given Apple's short product cycle."
"But the university, this institution is greater than one person."
There are, of course, reasons for our wine preferences, starting with biology and gender. A Yale School of Medicine study 10 years ago indicated that 35 percent more women are "supertasters" than men. The study divided the world into supertasters, tasters and non-tasters. Supertasters make up roughly 25 percent of the population, and of that 25 percent, the study revealed, women out-taste the men. Women, according to the study, also out-smelled men.
The idea that an unbalanced pastor with an Internet connection and a poster can cause the highest military and civilian leaders of our nation to respond is an invitation to global crackpotocracy - rule by the most outrageous lunatics.
Networks head Lydia Murphy-Stephans says the three have a deep passion and understanding of the history of the conference.
"I don't want to put too much pressure on myself, saying this is my last year and I have to make something happen," Caper said. "I am just looking to have fun and use my God-given talent the best I can.
After a grim 2009 tournament that featured just 27 tries in nine games, the 2010 competition produced 52, a record for the 16-year-old event. This year's tournament maintained that trend, with 26 tries in just six games. In addition, the number of passes has increased by 35% since 2009 and the average time that the ball is in play has increased by more than two minutes per match.
"They are among the most aware, because they read, and active reading is the best way to learn about anything," he said. "They also are the most connected to their communities; they volunteer more, belong to service clubs. They understand and they care more -- and not just about themselves, but about what the future holds for younger people."
"Deep-sea animals, in general, tend to produce fewer offspring than shallower water animals, so if they are going to have a population impact, it may be more sensitive in deep water," he said. "There is also some evidence that deep-sea animals live longer than shallower water species, so the impact may stay around longer."
A Portland firefighter on the scene was also transported to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries after sustaining an injury while using an axe.
It may sound confusing, but it's actually very simple. Politicians have decided to pull the rug out from under the economy when it had barely stood up after getting beaten to the ground. The single-minded effort to cut the budget deficit at this moment will send us back into recession.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A total of 356 passing yards looks nice on paper.
The crack of the bat is no longer the national pastime's soundtrack. The sport moves its hips and struts its feet to hip-hop, Christian rock, country and even Sir-Mix-A-Lot.
Stranahan has booked a CD release show for 8 p.m. Friday at Bela Dubby, 13321 Madison Ave., Lakewood. Also on the bill are Trepanning Trio and Oblique Orchestra. No cover but donations accepted. Call 216-221-4479.
Authorities said Patrick Smith of Hackensack, N.J., was driving south on the Major Deegan Expressway in the Bronx around 3:45 a.m. today when he was hit by a car going northbound in the southbound lanes. The 42-year-old was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead.
"So there's more coming up and there's more Europeans, there's definitely going to be," he said. "We are in a golden period at the moment. The players are only maturing at this stage."
Santiago Elementary
Meier ended her life that night by hanging herself in her closet.
You will go on a honeymoon with your best friend and it will be the vacation of a lifetime.
Edward Scissorhands (1990). Burton gave Depp his big film break as the title character, a leather-clad outcast with scissors for hands and a knack for hairstyling.
This gentle comedy is about two people facing the sort of ordinary challenges that can easily feel overwhelming, especially in a still-scary economy: unfulfilling work, limited job options, overdue bills.
Authorities released a sketch Wednesday of a suspect in a sexual assault in Atlanta and announced a reward of up to $2,000 for information leading to his arrest and indictment.
F Kollyns Scarbrough, Christ the King
He seemed to me to be a great person, Janelle Hess said in an e-mail. I always listed him as a mentor on job applications. He was as close as a brother. Would do anything for me. Loaned me money time after time in an instant.
Chevron Phillips Chemical, a joint venture with Chevron that will be part of Phillips 66, is benefiting from low prices for the natural gas it uses as feedstock to make products such as ethylene and polyethylene plastic. The company has made it clear that Chevron Phillips Chemical is a top priority. It has announced plans to invest in a new $5 billion ethylene cracker at Cedar Bayou.
The nurse pushed play, and our intimate audience was transported to PubertyLand. Unlike the videos I suffered through in middle school, this production included actual actors, story lines and realistic scenes. Super supportive parents with soothing voices guided their confused children through baffling issues like oily skin and maxi pads. I sat back smugly. My daughter and I had this puberty thing in the bag.
The Red Bank-based trio - which features guitarist Walter Greene and bassist Dave Urbano, formerly of AvisoHara, and ex-Clydesdale drummer Ken Forbes  will bring its potent mix of feelings, hooks, and loud guitars to Maxwells next Friday, March 23, sharing a bill with fellow dad-rockers Roadside Graves, power-poppers Brixton Riot, and Belleville pop-rockers Lieder.
What sends the body moving are the legs, and this jump leads with downstage leg (the one closer to the audience), which crosses the body, suggesting the forward motion of a kid running down the block. By contrast, in ballet it is the upstage leg that often leads in the traditional leap (the grande jete), so the body can appear as taut and elongated as possible. "The choice was to have it crossed, so it didn't have the length and line that a normal jete would," Mr. Gattelli said.
Legislation introduced late last month by Sen. Joe Pennacchio (R-Morris) places some of the burden on the future unemployed. The bill, which formalizes Gov. Chris Christies earlier proposal, would reduce weekly unemployment checks by $50 to a maximum of $550. Furloughed employees would take a big hit because the law would include a one-week waiting period for people receiving benefits. It would prevent such employees from collecting unemployment during the first week they are out of work.
Gov. Mark Dayton hit the nail on the head when he spoke of "prejudice against public school teachers," but to undercut education reform will only perpetuate the problem ("Teacher-tenure veto halts a top GOP priority," May 4). Students, teachers and taxpayers have been held hostage for years by outdated, protectionist union regulations that defy common sense and damage the opportunity for students to get an education by putting bad teachers ahead of good students. No wonder the public is frustrated. Unfortunately, teachers who may not even support Education Minnesota or their PAC are forced to be members and bear the brunt of the frustration that should go to the union itself and DFL legislators. For years, the teachers union, Education Minnesota, has funded DFL campaigns, and the DFL has supported the union's stranglehold on education. Students, parents and taxpayers are completely out of the loop. Teachers may have to stand up for themselves. They do deserve better, and this reform would have opened the door for building a better future for them and their students.
Smart money can pipe down now. Days Away frontman Keith Goodwin and drummer Tim Arnold picked up a third musician  Unlikely Cowboys pure-voiced Daniel Schwartz  and has bounced back with a new sound. Good Old War plays acoustic folk-rock, lacing angelic multi-part harmonies over finger-picked six-string weaves and brisk country rhythms. The lyrics are pensive, lovelorn and occasionally philosophical. The melodies, more pretty than catchy, are reliably autumnal.
"Things like that happen in Vegas," Arbogast said. "We don't want them happening here."
But top-tier performers are facing a much more awkward position than last year. Sympathizing with the writers during their walkout was relatively pain-free because the actors' own economic position was not directly at stake.
Offensively, Loyola has a Plan B
Freezing the house wasn't easy. Even with temperatures in the teens, ice melted when the sun came out. First, the artists tried using rooftop sprinklers, but those froze. They ended up using a system of hoses to spray the house with water from hydrants.
The reforms would limit the number of bills lawmakers can introduce, and subject them to closer scrutiny.
In 2002, an impact study done by KPMG for the American Horse Council showed that horse racing and breeding in Ohio was a $1 billion business, not counting secondary effects, with 25,000 people directly employed at racetracks and breeding farms.
"For traits that are passed directly from generation to generation, if it's not in your parents, you don't have to worry about it much," says McCandless.
Louboutin's lawyers have compared his shoe trademark to a similar one held by Tiffany for blue boxes -- sparking a wider debate on whether a designer can own a color.
Billy Gardell, 8 p.m. July 23, $33.50.
No dice. Moscow pocketed Obamas concessions, but for months UN diplomats have been feeling what one diplomat calls the re-Putinization of Russias foreign policy: resistance to any Western initiative that comes down the pike.
Judge De Vesa also ordered Trott to pay $7,914 in restitution to the woman he injured during the escape attempt to cover he medical bills and insurance for her car.
In the first two games of 2012 he accumulated 16 points, a pace that would have shattered NCAA records. But Pannell suffered a broken foot against Army in the second game. The normal recovery time, just to walk, is eight weeks. This injury impacts his dodges and cuts  a player puts four to five times his body weight on the plant foot. It'll be eight weeks since the injury Saturday night when Cornell visits Ivy league rival Princeton. And when Pannell will return to the field is a mystery.
Flight Aware, one of the companies that puts flight-tracking information on line, says it's posted with a four-minute delay to prevent people from knowing with absolute precision a plane's location.
"The fact is, too many children have died. Unnecessarily, needlessly, they died," Maurer said. "It has to stop. This has to stop," said Maurer, aiming his comments at the Beagleys and church members who attended the sentencing.
Time commended Colson for helping to define compassionate conservatism through his campaign for humane prison conditions and called him one of "evangelicalism's more thoughtful public voices."
She also gave $1 million to Doctors Without Borders to assist with helping Haiti following an earthquake in 2010.
The Mistake: I got an opportunity to form a partnership and buy Sawmill Creek Resort several years after I worked as a general contractor on the condominiums at the property. A few years ago I decided to buy out my equal business partner, and my timing couldn't have been worse. Having to come up with assets in a falling economy was my biggest mistake.
Knicks center Tyson Chandler said he did not expect Stoudemire to play Game 3. An update from the Knicks said, "Extent of injury is unknown at this time."
This is combat in the age of video games and virtual reality. Even though drone pilots operate from half a world away, they are as engaged in deadly combat as any pilot inside an airplane.
Looking ahead, there are many objectives for both the short- and long-term.
The Association of Health Care Journalists, the Society of Professional Journalists, and Investigative Reporters and Editors
Parvaiz told police he didnt slap the woman in the face or prevent her from leaving, but said they argued about her infidelity and he "may have accidentally pushed her."
The Monmouth Civic Chorus had planned to perform the whole piece. But, as Shapiro says, Red Bank was "neck-deep" in snow.
Take oil, for example. With no less than 1.79 trillion barrels of proven reserves available in North America, we can put gas in every passenger car in the United States for the next 30 years. Iran and the other OPEC nations combined only have half that amount.
Lewis was in the studio with Carl Perkins when they were joined by Presley and Cash for an impromptu jam session. The foursome was dubbed The Million Dollar Quartet.
But when Boies asked if Android is "critical" to Google's success, Page responded, "I believe Android is important; I wouldn't say it's critical."
How will this divorce change me? This layoff? This death of a loved one?
US troops also killed a woman Bin Laden used as a human shield, one of his sons and two of his courtiers.
The Central Freeway came down because the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake showed it needed to be rebuilt for seismic reasons -- but the idea of a boulevard was the subject of three contentious elections between 1996 and 1998. It's doubtful that voters would have endorsed something as unusual as a boulevard if they weren't assured of at least having easy passage to Market Street.
The 48-year-old Lyndhurst resident was arrested in Hoboken Thursday night and currently faces several charges including cocaine possession, tampering with physical evidence, driving while intoxicated and lesser motorvehicle violations.
In a 2007 report, Silva found a strong correlation between nations with greater instructional hours and their students' scores on math tests. For example, students in Finland, the top-ranked nation in international math scores, spent an average of 861 hours per year in school, the report said. (Students in the next three highest-ranked nations -- Korea, the Netherlands and Japan -- all receive more than 900 hours of instructional time per year.) On the other hand, students in the U.S., which ranked 24th in math scores, spent an average of 799 hours per year in school.
Megan Porter, 24, and her sister Courtney Porter, 23, have both been going to school and working part time since they were 16.
Locally, Towson (7-5) ranks 19th, UMBC (4-6) 27th, Navy (5-6) 29th, and Mount St. Marys (3-7) 45th.
MEDFORD  A nurse was arrested and charged with stealing about $682,000 from an elderly client, officials announced today.
Matusz yielded seven runs in five innings, and Baltimore's five-game winning streak ended unceremoniously with a 14-3 defeat Monday night.
What will Christmas dinner be?
Don Kelly entered the rightfield stands.
Soldiers and Sailors Monument. 3 Public Square (Southeast Quadrant), Cleveland. 216-621-3710. 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday-Saturday. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's Day. . Free. Open for tours. Noon-5 p.m. Sunday.
Nielsen, which tracks about 70 percent of book sales but doesn't include Walmart stores.
Professional athletes who pursue track & field in this country have the Olympics, once every four years. Do or die.
5 a.m.
Safe-driving courses for older drivers are available through AARP and AAA. Many states require them, and most mandate insurance-premium discounts for seniors who take them. A free car-assessment program, called CarFit, co-sponsored by AAA, AARP and the American Occupational Therapy Association, is available in most states to help seniors adjust or modify their vehicles to be safer. And more occupational therapists are offering skills assessments and coaching to help older drivers compensate for impairments.
"The most important thing to me was knowing I wasn't alone," he said. "It was that fundamental sense of community with people who were experiencing the same things I was. It let me know it was not the end of the road, that there was life after this calling."
We also leave the house smelling like vanilla, but it's from the Ben & Jerry's we ate standing over the sink. And no guy has ever told us we smell amazing as a result. Maybe next time should go with Eau de Chunky Monkey.
5215 CARNEGIE CT $182,100
Weeks later, Coburn's team, which included some of the Clinic's top doctors and researchers, boarded a bus for a formal pitch to evaluators from the National Academy of Sciences in Columbus.
An ugly showdown erupted at the end of the meeting, when Bishop Timothy Pernell began yelling at city Councilwoman Mildred Crump and Rutgers professor Junius Williams, insisting they were wrong in insinuating his sister Chris Pernell was not a Newark resident.
 Count Basie Theatre, Red Bank. Crosby, Stills and Nash, June 29, $51 to $176. Kellie Pickler, Aug. 12, $29.50 to $75. (732) 842-9000, countbasietheatre.org.
The L.A.s -- the Galaxy and Chivas USA -- combined are three points short of the Earthquakes. The Southlanders are tied for last in the Western Conference leaving Galaxy D Sean Franklin to fret, "No one fears us."
"To those who say they're underwhelmed, I'd say they've been fast asleep," Coleman said. "Anyone who's been paying attention at all would have to be dazzled by the product, and earnings."
"The key to the game was getting hits at key moments and not giving them extra outs," said Thomas.
I look at it this way: Were incredibly fortunate to have a couple of quarterbacks with playoff wins. Obviously, both have been fairly successful," Ryan said, when asked if there would be a quarterback competition. "I think (Sanchez) is going to be a tremendous quarterback. He is our quarterback. ... What Tim gives us is another great competitor.
Chiang noted that revenue is slightly above what it was in July 2010, meaning the state's economy has improved. The budget, however, counted on more significant growth. In the final days before the Legislature passed and Gov. Jerry Brown signed the spending plan, the administration added $4 billion in projected new revenue to close the budget gap.
Complicating the long-term care insurance picture for consumers is a maze of coverage options, including the choice of home care-only plans vs. comprehensive coverage that includes nursing home care.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the host of the Laugh Track column, a man who is sure Ohio will decide the winner . . . Mike McIntyre.
Pallisa had pledged to resign if the referendum failed. Insausti did not immediately return a message left on his cell phone seeking information about the mayor's plans after the results were released late Tuesday.
On cross examination, defense attorney Roy Greenman questioned whether the cell phone found could have been contaminated by officers at the scene. But McTigue showed enlarged photos of the phone where it was found, which he said had not been disturbed.
1002 N Woodlawn Av, $235,500
"What we're seeing is the GM brand gets dinged big time in terms of considering a GM vehicle," he said. "But when you look at Chevrolet, Cadillac and our other brands, they haven't changed."
The informant, we hope, recorded every single word that happened.
Up to 80 buildings collapsed in Ercis, including a dormitory, and 10 buildings collapsed in Van, the Turkish Red Crescent said. Some highways also caved in, CNN-Turk television reported.
No burglaries were reported in East Amwell in the previous three months, he said.
"My first year with Independence schools has been a good experience," Marlow said. "The community and the schools work well together. This is a great place for kids to be educated."
He means the Affordable Care Act's provision that allows adult children to stay on their parents' health plans up to age 26 instead of age 23, as long as the parent pays for family coverage.
Other automakers, especially those based in Japan, also have been forced to cut production, and dealers are predicting model shortages will begin soon.
51: KC's Chance Myers with a chance near goal. He crosses it and there's the shot, but Perkin smoothly deflects it.
Defending champion: Lyons
"I took it off at one point in time," said Traci Des Jardins of San Francisco's Jardiniere, "and got a very negative response from customers. So there's definitely a desire for it, and people don't care where it comes from."
1. Begin early, particularly if you wear a small size. "Prom dress shopping started in January and by this time in the season, we're close to being out of (size) zeros and 2s," Paula Mitchell says.
Parents and officials at Staples High School in Westport tell The Advocate of Stamford ( http://bit.ly/IcswVQ) that they plan to submit documentation to Guinness World Records seeking the record for most twins in the same academic year at the same school.
The units were to feature classes in "life skills," such as anger management. In practice, most classes have since been eliminated and budget cuts have closed three units, including High Desert's.
The duo might rely strictly on anonymous models, but away from Fashion Week, their biggest fans are pop stars so big, they dont need last names.
At the same time, Ms. Rometty, 54, will have to navigate a turbulent global economy and major shifts in the way companies use technology.
Warfield indicated he does not have a timetable as far as making a college decision, but he understands how the process works.
But that is not what this case is about.
Said Shafer, "I really wanted to get the people who made the prints into the building so that you as a customer can go up to their booth and talk to the publisher or the artist, to hear it straight from the horse's mouth."
Illinois' ranking among the states for its rate of serious disciplinary actions taken against physicians has been falling in recent years, from 12th place in 2006 and 2007 to 20th in 2010, according to a May report by Public Citizen's Health Research Group based on an analysis of data from the Federation of State Medical Boards.
The Cupertino, Calif., company has slowed the pace of large-store openings in China, where demand for its iPhone 4 has outstripped supply in local Apple stores. The company's distribution network in Greater China includes six stores in the region, despite plans to open 25 stores by year-end. Apple nevertheless is in the midst of an aggressive expansion.
Board members primarily asked the 20-person committee to choose the two elementary schools to shut in addition to Bryant Elementary School, which would be used as part of a Waluga Junior High School complex in the closure plans. Committee members chose Palisades and Uplands as preliminary choices for the chopping block last week.
Any student who is not yet up to date should make an appointment with their local healthcare provider, or call 877-PA HEALTH (877-724-3258) to be connected to their local state health center. The most recent copy of the students vaccination history must be provided at the time of the appointment. Students must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.
Infrastructure spending, payroll tax holidays and extension of unemployment benefits will only replace monies now running out from the $800 billion stimulus package and subsequent initiatives. Job training is the biggest folly; the economy is not creating many decent openings for trainees to fill.
The woman, who was not identified, had been released from a Jersey Avenue apartment where her alleged attacker, Porfirio Nunez-Mosquea, 24, had taken her at gunpoint and tried to sexually assault her, said Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan and city police director Anthony Caputo in a statement.
The Ohio Democratic Party released a statement in response to McCains visit, reminding voters of a recent report about Mandels hiring practices in the treasurer's office. The Democratic Party also criticized Mandel for his offices responses to its requests for public records.
Those people can now say they played against a Hall of Famer. Elliott, now a TV analyst for the San Antonio Spurs with whom he spent 11 NBA seasons, is being inducted in the azcentral.com Arizona High School Sports Hall of Fame.
This time around, bidding starts at $250,000. Would-be buyers will need to offer up a $25,000 deposit to put in a bid.
The FBI confirmed late Wednesday it is assisting in the investigation of a South County woman missing in Panama for five months, but officials would not comment on a statement by Panamanian authorities that a San Clemente man is a person of interest in the case.
Ocean View manager Jeff Pratto said while it wasnt Danners best pitching night, he was proud of his starter.
That means scoring runs. In their last nine conference games, the Beavers (28-14, 9-9 Pac-12) have scored a total of 15 earned runs.
Similarly, after Capistrano's school board imposed the 10.1 percent pay cut last month, teachers resoundingly voted to authorize a strike unless the district was willing to return to the negotiating table.
Police said Blake quoted the suspect as telling Alisa to "come here," but the boy couldn't say whether the man grabbed her or she climbed into the car.
As Liz looks back on these years from adulthood, retaining the wary, no-nonsense voice of her teenage self, she is on a quest for a mentor, all the while sublimating that need by being a responsible and concerned older sister and cousin. Mostly, the adult women around Liz just teach her painful lessons about men. Watching these women driven crazy by a man's absence, or turning a blind eye to a man's destructive habits, teenage Liz wonders "if loving someone means you are never happy unless they're around and sometimes not even then."
Proponents of a playoff plan have said it would generate more money than what the BCS system pays.
The Sun Devils opened the scoring in the third with Aplin lined a one-out double to right off Oregon starter Madison Boer (2-1) and scored on Zach MacPhees two-out double off the glove of Ducks shortstop KC Serna. MacPhee then scored on Riccio Torrezs single, giving ASU a 2-0 lead.
In its announcement, the USDA said sugar beet growers will have to agree to the conditions it outlined and violators could face civil or criminal penalties, including the seizure, quarantine and destruction of their beets. Organic Valley, the nation's largest organic farming cooperative with more than 1,600 farmers in 33 states, released a statement Friday criticizing the USDA's decision.
But first, the chefs are given a cheese-themed Quickfire Challenge, and the emphasis really is on quick. In just 12 minutes, they are to prepare what host Curtis Stone calls "a masterful dish" that will please a cheese connoisseur, while showing off their own skills.
In an afternoon release, the Coyotes said NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman will speak to the media at 6 p.m., an hour before tonight's puck drops in Glendale.
Three days had passed since he last took the mound in a game. Three more days needed to come and go before he would pitch again.
Davis confirmed to The Republic that she told Jones she would be willing to meet with him off campus.
Regarding his strikeouts, Thome said: "Last year, I struck out 146 times. I'm going to do that. Coming into this year, one of my goals was trying not to strike out as much. But I can't change my game and try to be something that I'm not."
Joining them, for a second year in a row, will be St. Francis' Matt DeVogelaere and Will Burkett, who took the available individual spots after recording an 81 and 86, respectively.
3. Zero Day, by David Baldacci, $14.99
Tour stops included the Galloping Hill Inn in Union; the old-timey Rahway Grill, with its screen door, booths, swivel stools, coat racks and Rhapsody II Stereophonic jukebox; The Garage in Millburn; Jimmy Buffs in East Hanover; and the Getty Grill, Papaya King and Rutts Hut, all in Clifton.
The officer responsible for the breached area has been reassigned to non-screening functions during the investigation, Davis said.
Part of the problem stems from Kadafi's oppressive identity politics. There was no reading, writing or singing in the Amazigh language, Tamazight. Attempts to organize festivals were met with intimidation. Amazigh activists stood accused of militant Islamist activity and were imprisoned. Torture was common.
As for his previous desires to do something outside of Panera, Shaich said he now feels fulfilled.
But, what's this? Perhaps Tustin was just a decoy. From the sound of it, the main enemy effort must be to take Disneyland. From the intensity of the fire to be heard from there, the enemy must be scaling the walls of the Happiest Place on Earth itself. How ignominious and perfidious are the intentions of these profane invaders.
Connall -- one of state's most prominent criminal defense attorneys until she abruptly relinquished her Oregon law license last fall -- crashed her father's 2007 Cadillac Escalade into two parked vehicles last Friday afternoon, according to police reports.
But that declaration did not initially include him saying that he would officially waive the early termination option in his contract.
Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver says lawmakers have been working on reforms. She says the governor's combative language isn't helpful.
I am writing to support Mike Wetzel for Clackamas County Circuit Court Judge in the upcoming May 15th primary election.
The contract summary explains that Goodyear, pressured by falling auto sales as well as by inexpensive Chinese tires flooding the American replacement-tire market, can offer as many as 600 buyouts to senior union workers. In particular, 200 of those buyout offers could materialize at the company's Buffalo plant, which makes truck tires.
Richard D'Amato Jr. of Bayonne is charged with two counts of attempted sexual assault of a minor, two counts of attempted lewdness to a minor and child endangerment.
He said his policies have not been "extremist" or "anti-business."
Regarding Hanah Cho's daily brief "Exelon: Baltimore will see 'most impactful' job cuts in Constellation merger" (Aug. 16), I'm a mother of two young children and a student at Coppin State University who has been unemployed and looking for work for six months without success. It upsets me to hear Exelon CEO Christopher Crane say that most of the job cuts resulting from the proposed merger will be at Constellation's Baltimore headquarters.
Writers from around the Tribune Co. will offer their best guesses. Check back throughout the day for their responses. And join the conversation by voting in the poll and leaving a comment of your own.
She said something to the effect that most of the time their love life was not consensual.
POCKET OFFICES ARE THE LATEST SPACE VENTURE
Columbus RH starter Joe Martinez (3.94) allowed one earned run on four hits and one walk in 71/3 innings.
Isekenegbe recently provided the leadership for the colleges accreditation to be officially reaffirmed by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
"There are interesting things going on in the music world, which continues to change in terms of how music is made and distributed," he said.
Those kids grew up.
Curry chicken salad, $11.99: Chunks of moist curried chicken were wed to crunchy celery and almonds, honeymooning with raisins, honey and mayo.
It's a working quartet, the leader says. We're rehearsing every week, and doing almost all new material, not doing the same old things. I've written some, and Will's written four or five new ones for the Blue Room show.
Mayor Linda Goldstein said Tuesday that the city's aldermen might tighten the ordinance's language.
Newman has spent the past few decades researching onlies, a topic she touches on frequently in her "Psychology Today" blog and her 2001 book, "Parenting an Only Child."
I doubt either one would have written a finale as brutal as the one Vann gives "Caribou Island." He tips his book into horror, and then grinds out the last ember like a cigarette butt. It burns for a long, queasy time.
Energizer launched a review of its battery business this summer that is expected to span up to six months. The review could provide the company guidance on where to invest its research and development and marketing dollars.
"Packaging inexpensive items together along a theme is a great way to make a cheap gift appear more thoughtful," she says.
"Extending the Bush tax cuts will get about 30 cents of stimulus for each federal dollar invested, while costing the country $700 billion over the next ten years," Kaptur said. "We will have to borrow from China and Saudi Arabia to pay for these tax cuts, while Wall Street pulls record profits and the nation continues to suffer through what feels like to many a jobless recovery."
Ferguson acknowledged as much by resorting to Plan B in the second half, pulling off Park then Scholes and sending on dynamic Danny Welbeck and winger Antonio Valencia.
"It was one of the last things he voted on," Pompelio said.
"At one level it's very unfortunate for David Cameron, the timing of all of this," said Steven Fielding, director of the Center for British Politics at the University of Nottingham. "This could have happened at any point in the last 10 years, that the prime minister of the day could get caught in a close embrace with Rupert Murdoch  they've all been in a close embrace with Rupert Murdoch."
"Last year during the Sweet 16 we couldn't finish down the stretch," senior William Buford said of Ohio State's 62-60 loss to Kentucky. "We've got to do that this year. I think we have a chance."
There were rumors of a possible press conference for Tuesday, but none materialized. On Thursday, many coaches and ADs will be attending NCAA Final Four activities in New Orleans.
Ramsey County Commissioner Tony Bennett expressed frustration Thursday, wondering whether the latest timetable was "the last hoop" in his efforts to bring a $1.1 billion stadium to suburban Arden Hills.
A police sergeant discovered the fire about 2:15 a.m. Sunday. It was contained to the office, damaging 80 percent of that area. The fire followed the arrest of Mohamed Osman Mohamud in a Portland bomb plot. Mohamud, a Somali-born naturalized U.S. citizen, was a student at Oregon State University and occasionally attended the center.
Earlier this month Weyn received a package from Be The Match -- a letter and desk clock inscribed with the date of her donation and the words, "A Timeless Gift." The gift, from the organization, moved Weyn to tears.
Urizar says residents of Barillas oppose the construction of a hydroelectric plant in their town and believe the man was killed in retaliation.
When Obama does cover those fine arms, the past 100 days have been a veritable ode to the cardigan. She gravitates to sheath dresses, pearls, the occasional A-line skirt, and is likely to avoid trousers for anything but the most informal of settings. She doesn't shy away from print or patterns. With her impressive height, she can wear them easily.
How much of the outer layer is milled away is part of what determines the sake's grade. Brewers then steam the rice and add yeast to it so it will ferment before aging. Filtering and pasteurizing the sake completes the process.
But it isn't enough. Krymov seems so enamored of his inventive stagings - most of which we've seen handled more creatively by other directors - that he lingers on effects long enough to make us wonder what purpose they serve. Meanwhile, the story goes begging in the streets of Paris, and a mere 80 minutes of theater seems a lot longer.
The News says that Kevin, Joe and Nick Jonas granted power of attorney to their mother, Denise, to buy the six-bedroom house in the suburb, home to many professional atheletes, including former quarterbacks Drew Bledsoe and Terry Bradshaw and former British Open champion Brian Watts. "I didn't even know who the Jonas Brothers were or what kind of music they played," Watts says. "But my wife and kids were enthralled.'"
"How many of you have had back surgery?"
The Cleveland Pops Orchestra and conductor Carl Topilow perform all sorts of tunes during the course of a concert season -- many by themselves, others with guest vocalists and choruses.
The land BKB Properties is targeting is inside Hamiltons rural resource conservation zone, so the company requires a use variance from the zoning board before any construction can begin.
"Let them sit in a paddy wagon for three hours and miss all the fun. Embarrass them in front of all their friends. Sometimes, that's all you need to do," he said.
Zavarella said his company did work at Dimora's Independence home for the first time in 2002. He did not charge Dimora for that work.
The American Heart Association has issued a recommendation for Americans to decrease their intake of added sugars. Sugar-sweetened beverages such as soft drinks, lemonade, and fruit drinks are the chief source of added sugars.
The new coalition is evidence that a wide range of parents don't feel like they're being heard by CPS, said Julie Woestehoff, executive director of Parents United for Responsible Education.
"I noticed it a few weeks ago," my wife said.
"Normally when you see crude oil prices fall, it's because (economists) are not bullish on increasing demands," said Mike Right, a spokesman for AAA Auto Club's St. Louis Office.
Activists said Tuesday that the Assad regime hasn't withdrawn its forces to their barracks and allowed peaceful protests as it had pledged to do in the cease-fire agreement.
455 WHITELAW AVE $18,500
These were catastrophic winds that could destroy pretty much anything in its path, Cindy Chiu, an epidemic intelligence service officer, said, describing the preliminary findings at a CDC conference this month. Her remarks were reported by the Associated Press.
Creme brulee. Once the cream is heated, add flavorings like coffee, lavender, or savories such as butternut squash. Cover the pot, turn off the heat and allow the cream to infuse for at least 10 to 20 minutes. For stronger flavors, Citizen Cake's Elizabeth Falkner suggests an additional step: Leave the flavoring in the cream, cool, cover and store overnight in the refrigerator before straining and reheating. For a perfect creme brulee that is creamy and delicate, it is imperative to not over mix or over bake it. Baking should always be done in a water bath to allow even cooking and to prevent a crust from forming.
SLU student volunteers make a difference at Woerner
About 1.5 million, or 53.6%, of bachelor's degree holders under the age of 25 last year were jobless or underemployed, the highest share in at least 11 years, according to government statistics and analysis by university researchers. In 2000, the share was at a low of 41%, before the dot-com bust erased job gains for college graduates in the telecommunications and IT fields. Out of the 1.5 million who struggled in the job market, about half were underemployed, an increase from the previous year, the AP study found.
"The Help" is a phenomenon, a rare best-selling first novel since it came out last year. A favorite with female readers, it tells the story of several young white women and the black maids they employ in Jackson, Miss.
The humble croquette may be a great way to use leftovers, but they can contain plenty of fat and calories.
That includes tens of millions of dollars to be spent in Northeast Ohio on new hospitals, surgery centers, treatment centers, urgent care centers, medical offices and more.
Liberace died in 1987 at the age of 67 after a long run as one of the pioneers of the long-term engagement in Las Vegas that has made many entertainers fabulously wealthy in a kind of suspended retirement.
Boys 10:30-12p.m.
A month after Salari won the last of several six-figure tax refunds based on the lower value, the property owners sold the lots for $21 million, nearly three times the value set by Noguez's staff, according to records reviewed by The Times.
Joe Ryan of Olathe found them when he dropped his cable a year ago.
The Blazers had one last chance to win in regulation, and coach Nate McMillan even went to an old late-game standby, inserting Roy into the game. Roy did not touch the ball, which went to Aldridge, who drove but could not get his layup attempt to go before the final buzzer.
"The game was decided between the boxes and we simply couldn't get possession back in that third quarter," Glenelg coach Josh Hatmaker said. "Our turnovers, with their team speed, killed us."
Said Sabathia: Its just getting the pitches over the plate and not trying to be too fine.
In between telling her story, Hartley joked about her career, poked fun at her failures, let a little profanity rip and warned, from the start, that she might cry.
After the County Council confirmed Sheriff Bob Reid, FitzGerald administered the oath to Reid -- without a Bible, since Reid forgot it on his desk.
The Guinness people are serious about this, man, Valentine said. So we're going to have stewards there. One person for 50 dogs. And we're going to have a notary there, too. And an affidavit. And a signature from veterinarians to verify that they're all actual dogs.
Today:Fall 2012 trunk show, 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Cherry Creek Shopping Center, 3000 E. First Ave., Suite 270, 303-355-2828, stuartweitzman.com
Kingwood (Hunterdon): 8
Granger, an 87 percent free throw shooter this season, short-armed the first attempt. The second was off the mark, too.
The entire MLS has taken notice of Portlands deadly set piece game, which has produced a league-leading eight goals.
What sets Sinskey apart is that there's substance to the mood: a disciplined design by Oscar Leidenfrost that is resolutely modern in spirit.
On a few of this album's early songs, a perplexing amount of digital effects are applied to Underwood's vocals, processing she neither needs nor benefits from, even if it is par for the course for other country singers. She may be unhappy, but hearing her tense up is half the fun.
Those undaunted by the vog (which can make for spectacular sunsets) suddenly found themselves with fewer travel options when Aloha Airlines shut down at the end of March the same year, and Norwegian Cruise Lines yanked two of its three Hawaii-only cruise ships in February and May. By fall, the worldwide economic downturn was in full swing, and occupancy rates across the islands dropped to their lowest since the days after Sept. 11, 2001.
Weigh the patient every morning before they eat, but after they urinate; weigh them naked, if possible, she says. Sudden weight gain can be a sign of heart failure.
There was a tribute to my favorite sports (golf ball, bowling ball and tennis racket) and my salute to the Soviet Union (hammer, sickle, hand grenade). How'd it work out? Well, I paid my bills in pocket change and still bear a quarter-inch-long sickle-related scar above the bone where my right thumb joins the back of my hand.
About 80 church members and supporters attended the hearing. They sat silently as the sentence was imposed, many of them in tears. Marci Beagley's mother began sobbing and was comforted by family members.
Rays 4, Tigers 2 - Ben Zobrist hit a tiebreaking two-run single in the ninth as visiting Tampa Bay scored four runs in its final at-bat.
For Kamplain-Bridges, it proved she's not alone.
"I think there's a sensory component to pleasantness, but there's also a higher, cognitive component that stems from memories and learned behaviors," Hsiao says. "Art taps into both of these."
Kind of a slow week for wide releases at the theaters this week, except for the whole "Twilight" thing, of course. The first half of the vampire saga's final chapter hits screens this week, along with the adorable penguin of "Happy Feet Two," that being the only major release going up against the "Twilight" money-machine. Plus, "Inkubus," "The Women on the 6th Floor" and "Everyday Sunshine: The Story of Fishbone" are in limited release.
I have read your series on American Values and other items regarding the next election; I have listened to parts of debates; and I have asked myself what, if anything, is the current administration doing wrong. All of these have gone into my attempt to decide where to place my vote in a little over a month's time. Although in general I share much of the Times world-view I must note that I do disagree in several areas. But I do believe that the major stand that "my" candidate should take is regarding government regulation.
His daughter, Julia Kennedy Cochran, of Bend, Ore., told the AP she was overjoyed by the news services apology. I think it would have meant a lot to him.
"Bulls think this is nothing more than a resting stop," he said. "Right now clearly the tug of war remains in place."
All that Pat Summitt has done for women, and for basketball, must not be forgotten.
Who: With Owen Wilson, Jack Black, Steve Martin. Directed by David Frankel.
After graduating from Euclid High School in 1960, Wonnacott matriculated to B-W, where he would go on to receive a music degree. He then taught music at Stark Countys Northwest School District and St. Edward High School before coming to Center, teaching for 26 years prior to retiring in 1996.
Favorite subject: Art. "It relieves me from stress throughout the school day, and in art classes I am able to use my creativity that I do not use in other classes."
This week, they are remembering him more.
For more, see
7:30 p.m. Supercross (tape) Speed
Retailer Home Depot Inc. expects Americans to start spending more on home and garden projects as the weather improves. The company said Tuesday that it will hire 60,000 temporary workers for the spring shopping season, its busiest time of the year. That's similar to last year's level of seasonal hiring, the company said.
Police said Thursday they suspect the shooter was connected to a black Cadillac Escalade SUV with large chrome rims, low tires and tinted windows. Crime Stoppers is offering a cash reward of up to $1,000 for information leading to an arrest.
Another lofty take on a sub:
Whisk together buttermilk and powdered dip mix in a shallow dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat.
"It's rough," he said.
Calgary would be interested in Andy McDonald if the Blues let the speedy pivot become a free agent . . . That site also suggests that Scott Niedermayer, steaming toward retirement, could return to New Jersey for one last playoff spin. Of course, if Anaheim picks up its play, the franchise won't move into "seller" mode before the deadline . . . Wild winger Marian Gaborik is recovering from his hip surgery and hopeful of playing in March. He is headed toward unrestricted free agency, so he wants to boost his market value . . . The injury-plagued Bruins took another hit, losing winger Michael Ryder to an orbital fracture. He had revived his scoring touch after coming over from Montreal . . . Teams looking for a match-up center and face-off specialist are tracking Radek Bonk of the Predators . . . Bruins coach Claude Julien gave top youngsters Blake Wheeler and David Krejci some pine time after they lost a step. "They're no different than anyone else," Julien told the Boston Globe. "I've always said that you earn your ice time. I didn't feel those guys were good enough to have the ice time they normally have."
The tip led investigators to driver's licenses under that name in Colorado and North Carolina. From there, Durkin said, investigators tracked down Krasev's real name on the East Coast. He declined to be more specific.
Morin rejected a $125-million buyout offer from Google shortly after he launched Path.
Incanto, 1550 Church St. (near Duncan Street); (415) 641-4500. incanto.biz. Dinner Wednesday-Monday.
It rained so hard, for so long on Monday, that I was afraid to buy a hot dog at halftime because someone once told me you shouldn't go swimming for 45 minutes after eating. The score at half was 0-0, and I have to say had the two teams simply played out a scoreless second half, everyone would have gone home perfectly joyful to have been a part of something bigger than themselves for a few hours.
She is also reported to have angered 'Saturday Night Live' producers this weekend when she failed to show up to a final dress rehearsal.
Her fellow sisters could not be more eclectic. They include Jennifer Hudson as Sister Rosemary. Says Lynch: "She's sassy, smart-mouthed and beautiful. She has some really sweet moments," including performing "This Little Light of Mine."
Description: White male, 5 feet 10 inches. 180 pounds. Blond hair, green eyes.
But then Florence, a well-dressed woman of retirement age, sitting across from us in the observation car, spoke up: "Three hours? Four hours? I don't care. I'm here, and this is what I'm doing."
But it didnt just show up in a mixed-martial-arts cage.
Until a Republican stands up and proudly defends conservatism and the Constitution, Oregon will keep sending David Wus and Suzanne Bonamicis to Congress.
"I think the leader of an organization must have a vision for what they want from you," he said.
For weeks, sewage-contaminated stormwater has been entering the Tijuana River and combining with raw sewage from infrastructure breakdowns on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border.
The rest we can live with.
The new program will be open to qualified high school seniors, high school graduated who have not yet enrolled as full-time university students, and first-year students at Stevens.
Because of the dicey nature of the budget -- and all the interest groups vying for more money -- details about the governor's meeting were kept to a minimum.
Young coaches identify with the kids and their idea of "fun." They communicate what it would take for swimmers in each age group to be successful. Swimmers learn not only the correct strokes, but how to compete. Like other group activities, learning how to compete is paramount to surviving and succeeding on swim team before and during competition.
Witnesses said that Mueller was living at the house with his mother and stepfather, along with a 2-year-old daughter.
Ausby's outburst was one of several emotional eruptions in court Wednesday, following opening statements in the high-profile case, which has highlighted tensions between some black and Jewish residents in the Park Heights area of Northwest Baltimore. It has also drawn comparisons nationwide to the recent killing of Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager who was fatally shot down by a Hispanic resident while walking through the man's gated Florida community. Ausby is black, while the Werdesheims are white.
Joe Raedle/Getty ImagesA file photo of bags of chips manufactured by PepsiCo Frito-Lay brand. A Frito-Lay truck was stolen and abandoned in Atlantic City.ATLANTIC CITY  Atlantic City police say a Frito-Lay delivery truck was stolen, abandoned and recovered, but not before some people helped themselves to "free" snacks.
According to papers filed in bankruptcy court, each apartment Greenlaw builds would knock $20,000 off the price the ministry pays to get back the cathedral and its core buildings. In an example cited in court papers, 400 apartments would reduce the repurchase price by $8 million.
That's OK  something similar happened to the tea party movement, and that didn't prevent it from being a force to be reckoned with in the 2010 elections  but it's still hard to escape the feeling that since Occupy activists were kicked out of their encampments across the country this winter, the group has lost a good deal of momentum as well as what little organizational coherence it possessed.
Saturday's session will run from 9 a.m. to about 6 p.m. and Sunday tryouts will be from 10 a.m. to about 1 p.m. Both sessions are open to the public.
"Useful" plants program "Really Useful Plants of Horsetooth," a program led by Naturalist Janet, explores different plants used by settlers and Native Americans. The 2-hour program and hike will be at 9 a.m. at Horsetooth Mountain Open Space, just west of Fort Collins off County Road 38E. The hike is rated easy; the program is free. A $6 per vehicle entrance permit is required. Info: contact Heather at 970-679-4489.
By contrast, the Brockton funds shares are valued at around $500,000, said Hub attorney Jeffrey Block, who is representing the Brockton Retirement Board.
2009 11.8 KSDK
But a few smart choices can have you enjoying Super Bowl-style snacks without doing quite so much damage to your New Year's resolutions.
But there's never been a full-fledged stampede, maybe because the nearest commercial airports are in San Jose and Monterey. Or maybe it's because there's no easy freeway access. Most people come and go amid the heavy traffic on California Highway 1 (the coast) or California Highway 17 (inland).
"I think the loss of jobs from Minnesota is a concern that is shared throughout the state," Bennett said.
News from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve of a pickup in mid-Atlantic manufacturing also lifted the market, having offset a weaker-than-expected report on first-time claims for unemployment.
I'll always remember our fun in the sun and the glorious results we produced from our oven: blackberry pies, blackberry scones and sweet rolls with a luscious blackberry filling. We even made a (labor-intensive) delicious, mauve-colored blackberry ice cream with toasted walnuts that was hand-cranked by the strongest arms in the family.
Im not going to give them the chance to do this to me again, he said.
convicted of criminal contempt after a one-day bench trial in federal court here Tuesday for telling a witness to go home before testifying in her son's kidnapping trial.
ALSO: Will Ferrell goes indie, and serious, in the Raymond Carver tale Everything Must Go ... Joseph Gordon-Levitt offers peculiar grief counseling in Hesher ... oldsters and experts tell you How to Live Forever ... and Paul Bettany fights 3D vampires in Priest.
Still, some automakers continued to post healthy gains.
"He's a fan of ours, we're a fan of his, and you're not cheering for a school as much as just rooting for a guy."
According to The Sun, 'He told his team to send Adele the best the fashion house has to offer after hearing she collected bags.
O'Fallon coach Erin Legendre, whose team won the Carbondale tournament over the weekend, wasn't too upset with the Panthers' performance.
Roque, 55, yelled down at the boys to move along. When they failed to do so, she went down to street level to tell them to leave.
Officials are just as resolute. They say they worry about the welfare of residents, citing floods each spring and a recent fire that burned a dozen shacks but miraculously killed no one. The new units, they say, will mean a better life.
Yakin's thin setup intercuts the story of Statham's Luke Wright with 12-year-old Chinese math prodigy Mei (newcomer Catherine Chan). Luke's a deadly mixed-martial arts fighter inexplicably working as a punching bag in the arena  until he mistakenly wins a match he was supposed to throw, prompting terrible retaliation by Russian mobsters who leave Luke an outcast cut off from any possibility of real human contact.
The Clippers are seeking just the third playoff series win in franchise history.
Slyman, 76, first ran for mayor in 1989 but lost. He won the job a decade later and served two years before losing his bid for re-election in 2001 to Potter.
One of two new AT&T plans will cost $25 per month and offer two gigabytes of data per month, which AT&T says will be enough for 98 percent of its smart-phone customers. Each additional gigabyte will cost $10 each.
Summers' lawyer, Henry Miller Jr., said that he could not comment as he had not yet received all the evidence in the case. Moore's lawyer could not be reached Tuesday evening for comment.
Acta pointed to the missed double play as a turning point.
As for the cellos, they welcomed him like family. This was also the environment in which he met his future wife, Joela Jones, who was already serving as the orchestra's principal keyboard player.
The Michigan Court of Appeals dismissed a challenge Friday of new redistricting maps for the Oakland County Board of Commissioners.
And he's a huge fan of displaying photographs of yourself and your loved ones. I love family photos, he says. This is your family. This is your life. Do it creatively  don't just throw them all in the same generic black frame  but definitely put them up and share them with your friends.
Republicans said Obama had begun backing away from earlier commitments on spending cuts to Medicare, in particular.
But while he is right to share the credit, the lions share rests with him.
He said Cowell became "incensed" by the "created by Simon Fuller" credit on "Pop Idol" and "American Idol," and vowed to create his own rival show.
That's true enough, but it doesn't directly answer the question of whether the race was worth the effort. To some degree, it's too early to answer that question. The event will be back next year, and organizers hope for at least three more years after that. Much of the effort and expense for the city to host the race was front-loaded on the first year, and the benefits are likely to grow as it becomes more established. Even if the figures Messrs. Coates and Friedman produced are right, it remains plausible that Baltimore will at least recoup its investment over the life span of the event.
The Lynx went 27-7 during the regular season in 2011, and 7-1 in the playoffs.
ProLogis, a real estate investment trust firm, has about 13.3 megawatts of rooftop solar projects around the world either completed or under construction  but none so far on its New Jersey properties, according to Drew Torbin, a company vice president.
HIGHLAND PARK  Two robbers, one armed with a handgun, held-up and assaulted a 19-year-old Highland Park resident on South 11th Street early Tuesday, stealing the victim's wallet.
For all of you adult  and I mean adult  gamers out there who are hungry for a mature story set within a fantastic world you can lose yourself in, The Witcher 2 will satisfy.
It's unclear exactly how concerns over LoBurgio's performance arose, but Davis said it probably came up during routine case reviews conducted in the unit handling crimes against children.
Cafe Cruz has earned its "populare" reputation.
But none of it compares with Haiti and the aftermath of last week's devastating earthquake.
Podojil left to join the Cedar Brook investment and wealth management firm and to continue his work with an organization that lobbies state legislators on school funding and policy issues.
The article about the 2011 shutdown (Bill for '11 shutdown comes in extra costs, road delays," May 3) was long overdue. The overwhelming cost is not a surprise.
Wentzville students have identification badges in their possession but are not required to wear them. Fort Zumwalt students will have to continue wearing their badges for another year while the district evaluates their use.
"Obviously, tonight wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for Galen and his rabbits," Solinsky said. "Obviously, you have to give them a heck of a lot of credit. Sorry for Galen, but I never intended to take the lead until I was going to take it to win."
Ohio will provide a package of grants, loans and tax rebates worth a potential $93.5 million over 15 years to keep American Greetings here. Some of the incentives will come through tax reform legislation Gov. John Kasich signed into law Monday at American Greetings' headquarters.
Christies budget-cutting moves have been common conservative ideas for decades. ALEC encapsulates many of them in reports written for cash-strapped states: Use line-item vetoes to trim budgets. Roll back pensions and health benefits for public workers. Freeze cost-of-living adjustments. Cut funds for mental health care. Tighten Medicaid eligibility requirements. Transition from institutional care to home- and community-based care. Privatize off-track betting.
I am not aware of any request in regards to Hard Knocks, Ravens director of media relations Chad Steele told The Baltimore Sun on Wednesday afternoon. That decision would be made at the ownership level.
GOING GREENE
"We don't want anything to come to a screeching halt," she said. "We were suggesting we not have a budget approved for the full year, set by the current leadership."
Damian Ricketts, 27, will also be charged with using another person's ID, receiving stolen property, possessing stolen credit cards and body-armor penetrating bullets and bail jumping. He is being held on $50,000 bail after providing Port Authority police near the Lincoln Tunnel with an ID that said his name is Jahida T. Andrews.
Some of the items I recognized from my own childhood: a cider press, a kraut cutter and a sausage stuffer. Others were less familiar, like the huge weaving loom, a typesetter's case, and a printing press used by Arnold Krekel, who started the first German newspaper in the area, the St. Charles Demokrat.
"I like it like it is," Jones said.
Translation of that last point: The General Assembly sucked up to big business and insurance companies by making it harder for injured Ohioans to win lawsuits.
"We expect the cell infusion to be safe and uneventful," said Dr. Stanton Gerson, director of the Seidman Cancer Center and director of the National Center for Regenerative Medicine at CWRU. "The kick is not the cell infusion, but the ability of the cells to dampen an immune reaction that is taking place and bothering the patient. The true effect of that may not be seen for months."
Calderon's conservative National Action Party, or PAN, and its presidential candidate, Josefina Vazquez Mota, trail in the polls, even though formal campaigning hasn't begun yet. Far ahead is Enrique Pea Nieto, a former governor who hopes to guide the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, back into power after 12 years on the sidelines.
When I grow up, I wanna be a good dad, just like my dad. Love u pops. Thanks for making me the man I am today, I am truly blessed.
High of 94 before noon is inexcusable. A/C in my 2002 pick-up already let me know that it can't hang. Gonna be a long hot summer in
Good! I'll be rooting for you, thinking of you, hoping for you on the rough days, too.
Congrats!!! Although I don't know you personally i'm still proud of you!!!
stop cutting up all day then u will have some juice lol
More photos coming soon! We just started transferring all our photos from our mobile devices!
morning boo
bad roads in SW too as I was returning from
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out!
wow! thx, stout-hearted Max!
#UnderTheMistletoe haha. is it weird that I sing Christmas songs in the summer?
Music is totally on point right now, Jason Mraz & Train 
I'm part of the rare breed who absolutely loves CRANK but despises CRANK 2: HIGH VOLTAGE. Anyone else?
03 Robert Pecota Winery Kara's Vineyard #Cabernet. Classic expansive nose. Cherry, blackberry, oak, sweetness. Fully evolved. 86 pts
Apple seminar this morning. Wtf? No Danishes? Had to buy my own muffins. Shocking.
Well I hope it's shagging!
The proposed new slogan for : "If it's a good decision, make it. If it isn't, it's exactly what the Orioles would do anyway."
: "i named my pussy rihanna cuz it loves to get beat up" WHAT me.
Dope vid n track!
Apologies for the hacked messages - all fixed. Thanks judges Dafna Jam and Maddy Beckwith Markets for the heads up.
A Taste of Brunch at BullFish today, starting at 11 am! Mimosas, Bellini's and Food Demonstrations all day.
Thanks for the RT, Ellis!
You can live your life on the bright side, but never live it in ignorance or delusion.
Lol.i need another follower so I can get to 100
thanks so much!! leave a comment :)
Been ready for school since 7:30 and I'm still home
I shall drink until I dance with a leprechaun :3
Wow, there's a long stretch of causeway between 11 years hard time and 80 hours community service.
103 likes I love all my GRANDer and ICONiacs sistas! Cuz you know were all family! ~Ashley
Glad its blessed u. RT God is using ur book in a HUGE way in my life & student ministry! We need more Joshuas!
I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But we're perfect together. And that's all that matters.
Beer > Vodka
Just saw Hugo with Sir Ben Kingsley. Lovely.
you think having the 1/10th of 1% sales tax back is better for Milwaukee than having Miller Park and the Brewers?
Lady in the light & a Freak in the night is what i like !
First pitch has been pushed back to 7:15pm eastern time for the #Yankees and #Orioles at Camden Yards.
So how much play do you think the Prezs. "Head examined" comment, when referring to those that question his decision, will get? Ops?
We dont see u keep following me
- so, are you really up for the challenge of something as significant as we discussed earlier?
The Raiders give up a 1st rounder in 2012 for Carson Palmer, wow. This is a player that has been "retired" for the last 10 months..thoughts?
shut the fuck up omg.
check out DJ Fausto on air right now!
Peace be upon you
Man, I liked the Barves when they were still in Boston. Someone get me a Pabst and a fixie. We're occupying The Ted.
Thinking about this one person <<<<<
Glad to see Dirk Nowitzki win NBA title. In sports, some players earn their title long before they hoist a trophy. He's one of those guys.
Like Soilent Green?
if I ever see you in those, I am making fun of you
Take my kindness for weakness, I'll take your life as a joke.
My parents fell in love with earlier this year, so we're going south for Thanksgiving! In theory, anyway.
Are you guys planning on stopping by 2300 around the time of the Merrillville, Indiana performance?
you wouldn't have, how could I forget you! :)
in the Lab
would you happen to know? RT : do you know if there is in Tampa Bay?
#favmoviequote It is you know how I know Cause I went to the fucking salon with her and I got my asshole bleached too&I love my new asshole!
Using Windows 7 and Office 2010 for the first time. I will admit, it looks cool and works smoothly on even my big monster files.
Your twitter is almost as sexy as you are.
better than sounding like a faggot. HUBBY
EEEP!! He said I love you too!! My day has been made
Have a great time at Mojave Oasis! We'll be there next year. :-) Looking forward to your photos.
I wanna go to the movies -.- maybe later :)
Let's go Rangers!
I have great acct. Reco from O'Conor. Getting refund.
man youll aint fat especially u
Dinner @ work, hope this night fly's by!
good good thanks I just posted .. lol just on the grind .. sharpening the striking .
ask for the skunk
Welcome to the #Packers !
I used to see moonwalking dragons and make arrow to the knee jokes like you. Then someone stole my sweetroll.
Babyonc! My favorite word of the month. Couple that with my fav phrase "my other other Benz"
Good Morning Oregon! Today we are offering Top Cash for your #vehicle with an excellent offer that you won't refuse.
throw in urban farmsteading and that's everyday in Portland
well...call a spade a spade and all that
Dave, my mind is going. My mind is going.
Originality is the key to freedom. You have to turn the lock yourself to open the door.
Did the people on the Five just make fun of the anchor the was bitten by the dog. SHAME!
If this past week with my boyfriend has taught me anything, its that male puppies are too much work!!
Spark a flame that can change your own situation and the situations of others.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
theres a MAJOR story here for chicago sportswriters if they hadnt all become so lazy/foolish not to see it.like !
we aren't arguing. :p
If we are interested in Hazard then we have to sign him. Period.
Dear mother, no matter what i'm getting out of this house after this summer and moving to Eugene. Sincerely, your daughter.
Congrats on the article!
glad you enjoyed your drinks & appetizers! Come back soon!
NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!
Million man march.
#kids Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival: Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May...
Do you want to be a millionaire in 15 years? Invest $2,900 a month at 8 percent, tax-deferred.
yup! must be losing all my hair and clogging the drains.
twitter virgin. Hi everyone
I think there is a rule that sisterinlaws get a free pass, yanno, to test the services before offering them to the public.
Yeah luv u & there is nthin i cn do re it. its like suicide candy.. im in a drk ally a blind ally, only yr the 1 who cnt see...
Landed in Seattle! The mountains are a sight for sore eyes :) home to feed the cats then off to Redmond in time for
The answer is MYTH. There is no significant additional power draw when turning on a light bulb...
Shoes by Atmosphere finally came up on my Pandora.
Thanks for the follow , good luck with An Adult Evening of Shel Silverstein!
If you need a laugh, don't look to for it.
Would you rather throw your phone off a tall building or lick a car clean?
Thanks to everyone who came to the show!
dude. it was the worst.
is ready to get out of town, but I just don't think it'll happen this weekend. Sigh. Staycation, anyone?
create another one of your tidal waves of monetary support for something MCA supported
my life is ruined.
Michelle Williams Fires Back at Beyonce Stans on Twitter About Baby Blue Ivy Carter -
Thanks for all you do to support brain tumor research!
S/O to doe . He's goin in on these #WeWontWork topic
Thank you to everyone who submitted photos, we received some amazingly horrid ones! Now it's time to vote for your favorites:...
Halloween Party at the Purple Martini, Friday Oct 28, doors open at 9:00. Cash Prizes Costume Contest.
Thanks to my new followers! Thanks for following, #internetmayham, #centeredinabq and #bizinvesting!
Thanks for the RT. I like your web page. The graphic design of each view of the woman is awesome. Take care.
I mean everything I Chased I made come into Exsistence in my Life&Career. Now I got the Driver Seat that I Wanted& im One Hell of a
Off to portrait session 1 of many this week! :D
Entertainment is our business...Our experience is in creating memorable events. Have you event at the Historic El Rey Theater....
watever you can't trick me hooch !!! :) cnt wait to see you!!!
Thanks for following my twitter Moby. We have similar passions, let us both prosper in living our dreams.
you are already doing so many of Hesse things. And HHJ showed one of your FB pages!!! Rock On!
LOL!! girl bye, I wish you had a video lol
hanco's is the best
didn't realize was the new landscaping inspector for the city of Scottsdale. Good job, stick to the pools
hey there you are! funny how that happens. new metric coming soon. :) see you in Montreal maybe?
Happy Feel good Friday!
Good Neighbor Next Door Program Helps Teachers, Firefighters, EMTs and Police get into new homes
follow back thanks
I'd like to announce a change of permanent address. I'm moving to the 6th Floor of Thompson, 20th century politics shelves.
I feel like every other tweet is about game of thrones. Should I watch?
In miss. Yea outcha all da way
RAVENS SWEEP THE STEELERS!!!!
We love more than Lexingtonian's love to burn couches! Follow that girl!
100% giving up your desires on this Earth to fulfill God's will 100%
that curren$y and styles p mixtape is really good. I wish it were longer
I get mad when I look at somebody n they already looking at me
CONTACT KUEEN FOR AN INTERVIEW NEXT THURSDAY LET'S LOCK IT IN ...I'M READY I KNOW U ARE TOO...LET'S PUT UR MUSIC BACK IN TEXAS
Go black!: black wave FTW! you me My sister & can blaze the blue trail ;-)
The far left has lost the intellectual battle on many issues so they fight below the belt <- #alinsky tactics
It's not even fucking trending here!
It rained in Phx today. My car is now sparkly clean
he cuffed yo shit i tried to cuff so i could have em but he took em
I cannot sleep when its this hot in my room. It's like 357532478874335788433.25 degrees.
Started from the begining and made it to end..."with all them eniemes that started off as friends"
I have a king cake locker there. We can try a '08. I hear they age well.
FAKES FRIDAY!!
bringing the family down! We will be there! Go Tin Caps
i also don't like accounts that use proper grammar loooool
By shirt do you mean "glass of wine" in place of where a shirt would be?
RT : "I never think of stories as made things; I think of them as found things." --Stephen King
": Mansion Party all over my TL ! So you know #Next2Naked gone be turned tf up !"
then you can make enough $ for both of us
Selling all my furniture from my Hollywood apt...or trading it for a bicycle with a basket.
#Disparities data chlling: Infant death rate for Black Americans twice as high as for White Americans. Info via &
ruling the earth is so pass.
Which song?
Nobody Feelin' No Pain --- it would be a GREAT video!!!
Thank you, Layton!
Day 3 of no caffeine: tired. Go figure. Thinking about no liquids other than water all of next week.
Chicago vs Boston ..... Thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar.....Idk yet tho
The final concert for stunningly successful duo Brooks & Dunn is set for 7:30 tonight at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn.
so Sketchbook Ink is due in "spring" which ends tomorrow. Any news? Hungry bitmap hippos want to gobble vectors!
Its last longer when your making love
MR (): "We try to use mobile, texting, social media as a means to push brand message or interact with fan in some way"
business opportunities popping up all over the place. sure wish I had finished college and finished that business degree. ugh..
Carol...D=
Call me maybe just came on the radio!!
THE TIME IS NOW...
thank you: )
hate you right now! me and my boss were JUST talking about taco bell and mexican resturaunts.. NEED.TACOS.NOW.
Sorry everyone, it's true, my twitter account was hacked. I'm changing my password.
Thanks so much for the boost! I'm in Philly to see their LTYM show tonite. Looking forward to relaxing as audience this time!
Our event is about start at 6:30!! Please come out and support us tonight.
Finally after a week of waiting .. MCDONALD'S ! I think I just about got everything in the menu
i miss you to nigger :c & I'm not going to Chavez :\
Congratulations !!!!! You win!!! What size shirt?? XL?
#ColoradoRockies win again!!!
I know what my dream is. I just don't know if it's a part of God's plan.
what was that stat for? Taking a jab at Cal? You forgot to mention the final fours, great work!
This drunk guy behind us lol
Need a dj for your upcoming event? Need promo or marketing help? We can help!!! Join us on facebook too !!
Landed safely in Detroit
Sorry about that :) Well I'm happy to meet a San Diego matadorian
NY agency mixer! Check your email!
Doc said syrup, so maybe I'll sleep better at night
Good Luck Talon! Take it down!
Blazers BRASS better do something
Almost have enough saved up for HHI<3
Standing in line waiting for jahvid bests autograph at 12oaks.
Follow us #Now!!
thanks i will try to
Jesus saves
-walks upstairs- this is lukes room and ravis room , zuris room and this is my room -smiles-
PS: didn't photograph myself once the hair was done, though. :/
Im thankful for the beautiful daughter god has blessed me with and for giving me a way to give her the world Happy Thanksgiving Savior!!!!
: Our engineers our working w/ GCI to figure out why only audio is being broadcast. We apologize for the inconvience.
"I Go Back" coming up NEXT
WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray 2 a debate. this campaign is far from over...(Yes that just happened)
What a great day lmao, what else can happen
Just a reminder... any hateful Tweets, Facebook comments or site comments will be deleted and the user will be banned.
Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies. ~Edward George Bulwer-Lytton
Christmas cookie diet is over. Ate myself into a tummy ache. :(
LMAO sorry i dont want to sing >:)
*evil laugh 
The four historical policing epochs discussed in this chapter are?
Babysitting a monster... #takeanap please
I'm gonna have to figure out this F# thing sooner I later I guess. . . .
#facepalm why did I never think of that? It's ok though. They left.
Speak when your angry and you'll make the best speech you'll forever regret.
Is it too early to start packing?
NBC is giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony more money again, why is this Network keep doing this?, so NBC supports Child Murderers now?
 Someone went casper on me.
I have not, I'm sorry!
That awkward moment ; When your in mid argument and you realize that you're wrong.
695, I am over your 8:30 traffic back ups. So looking forward to living on the other side of this beltway
If there is no chemistry between you and the person during sex, that's just a setup for failure period.
You guys helped win #funfreshfree :)
exciting news of a new project is swirling around the office this morning and getting everyone focussed for a great 2011
I just felt a moment of "I don't care" again. This has been happening a lot the last few days. I guess I'm over and above it.
First child I worked w was a 13 y/o from a family of migrant workers in California. He'd broken the arms of his first 2 teachers.
Never b scared 2 talk 2 a Gurl the worst thang she can say is no
it's ok. I was really upset.. But I got to meet Taylor and Hayden they were awesome :)
This might possibly be the worst pain ever.
There is a certain sadness flying around NYC today. It almost feels like an old song
Busy morning strategizing with our partners at !
Just found a guy in the Miami airport with a Bruins Jersey and a patriots hat haha my day has been made
THANK YOU!! LOVE YOU!!
Great read on copyright and ownership. "Common as Air: Revolution, Art, and Ownership" by Lewis Hyde.
#day of the dead and I'm feelin it
Oh, I'm changing my name to Charity Monday. I needed to add a little white trash to my life. I'll expect my check Tuesday.
but that defeats the purpose of it being free
What makes it so perplexing is that I specifically named all of the ingredients in order.
I refuse to call ron artest "metta world peace"....I mean jus hearing it makes me think this dude gets high off his own supply smh
im in love withh your song..thanks to ! you have an amazing voice<3
In other words, though this feels basketball-driven, it's really not.
WANT MY PICTURE HMMP!
But it does make you entertain the notion of a sneak PEAK. What would that even BE?!?! aka thanks for the heads up :)
Also, due to popular demand we are adding Chocolate Strawberry to the menu! yum Yum YUM!!!
Dang the whole crew was on today. Like every single one. <3
If I haven't already thanked you: thank you for that nice note! xx
. on ROI: "There's a return on investment & a return on ignoring."
So Act Like a Lady, Think Like a man is sold out. My mom had to order the book for me. I'm waiting these 3-5 days :)
If you're in #hdboutique don't miss the fabulous and colorful chairs from #resol. Booth 1020. See you there!
i love plotting library futures with can you be the admin of my perfect library? i'll be head of undergrad research.
i don't want to see or be seen by straight people
Glad you're enjoying the program!!
Private relationship lasts LONGER
So honored when favorites one of my tweets
Great business planning meeting in Dallas this weekend w Howard Partridge and Phenomenal Products. Gave a copy of my book to Zig Ziglar
: I was one of the first signers of the letter.
I gave in! I'm officially on twitter...
Happy Birthday, Bob Uecker!!! "A little bit of chin-music..." You da man, Bob!!!
RT : Good meeting with Locked in nastybeatmakers.com and .net Site coming soon!
I just listened to your voicemail. You're awesome and I thought I'd share that with the world of Twitter. #
Indeed! Well said.
follow and please :D x86
#Check out the new editions to our website!#Got Dog?#
u kno u hav ginourmous hips when the width of ur shoulder is smaller than tht of ur hips& ur waist is literally half the size of yo hips lol
. Thanks for the headsup on flexslider! flex.madebymufffin.com
Today was awesome. 2 fires that entirely blocked off Mass. Ave with caution tape, a huge power outage, toxic fumes, and moms on the phone...
no you don't. You have normal hands
My fav.song!!
Franklin Pierce
every day. RT : Encourage someone today...
Just woke up from my nap. :)
McDonald's observatory, Sony PS3 Network, and the State of Texas Comptroller's office. Personal info breached 3 times in last 6 months. :P
Is Tuesday the new Monday?
Dexter Season Four was awesome, but all I have to say is cliff hanger much!! Well back to it, break time is over. Lots yet still to do.
Shout out to the homie today. I know it's going down.
"besides sex I like typography also"
OMG, Dane Cook thought something I said was funny. I still don't like the way he wears his hair these days.
They're trying to get us primed for the 3D re-re-release.
just messing with ya. I am bad about updates as I watch. Sorry
i keep putting SAY SOMETHIN' on repeat. its AMAZING
dude we were mid conversation laughing gaging a good time she was like "OK drop your pants".... thought i was in a porno
who you talking about
Let's go mavs take down the trail blazers
Oh good movement but the left foot shot over the bar. Good moves though.
molested children and asked them to develop guidelines for preventing sex abuse; however, victims groups immediately denounced the
I just went and saw the venue looks pretty cool right about meow in the town ball room.
Any time.
wow! P.Diddy was right the bitchassness gotta stop real Talk to many hatin ass mofo's in the world smh damn shame
The dream.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. -Arthur C. Clark
Dude I haven't tweeted in like forever! I feel bad now. Even !! i dont think i can look at myself in the mirror.
Just printed out like millions of pages of guitar music. I LOVE THIS.
Listening to MITT ROMNEY speech I felt nauseated. At this stage of the game I know I cannot become pregnant. Hell Mary! I would be rich.
Sea turtles, giant squid and octopus in HD.. I'm so addicted to the Discovery Channel!!!
Whole milk?!
Yes, very interesting, isn't it?
How this shid get to OT?
Corporate Fraud: What is worst case that you know about?
that happens to some of our toys too! It's sad to say goodbye but usually Mom and Dad replace them with something cool!
thanks for the RT! happy Friday!
Laaaaadyyy! The Met 2012/13 brochure arrived today and you are mentioned twice. So proud of you xoxo
Q2 Another marketing suggestion is keep them focused - what specific topic do you want to address? Nothing too broad!
" -- NEEDS WORK ON A LINCOLN LS" - ok, DM your #. Will hit you up this weekend
"Le" yeah I think
My girl gettin her hair dyed back blk
I never wanted think it of it like this but it was a waste of time and not a good time why idk
Another reason not to vote Republican: "George W. Bush: 'I'm for Mitt Romney'"
AMEN! This is so god damned sad...
Never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket don't wait on someone else to build your dream life for you,the key will be lost.
I cannot muster the energy to stand in line for a FEST ticket. Someone wanna buy me one?
D.R.A.M.A. = D-umb R-etards A-sking for M-ore A-ttention
what is the name of that guy who impregnated J.Lo? is he a singer? sorry, i don't have Google.
Omg. This bitch got the kissy face in every fuckin picture!!! Kill that!
LOL theres a pretty good one in St. Cloud RT Any good strip clubs in Minnesota ?
Thank you, and also to you. Yes, he's classic. Timeless. Haunting. Soul and sincerity from the streets.
Hey, there! How are you?
nice Chingy pull
Running a 10K (the Cooper Norcross Run the Bridge) with Danny & Scooter tomorrow! I'm so glad to be getting an extra hour of sleep!
I dnt kno a majority of my #follower nor my #followees neither my #followettes not even my #followeers but its ok. Ill live.
#allgamejobs VonChurch is currently looking for a Lead Multiplayer Designer for two A Clients working GOTY products. PING FOR MORE!
no problemo ma'am!! And thanks!
That's right! RT : Looking forward to seeing all of our followers and customers at IBS this week!
Too early to drink?
only has 440 followers? Show the guy some love!
Great day for Tennis. On my way to the US Open.
RT : Q6: parents/families can be engaged as students/co-learners so they, too, can be empowered via tech
Stop Tantrums forever! 5 Keys Unlock Better Behavior LIVE TALK 5/10 DESERT SPRINGS CA Coachella Autism Society 6p
can't find them listed on iTunes, I'd listen if I could find them on there
i have to babysit friday and saturday night? well there goes my weekend.
It's Twitter. You can never 'tweet' too much. This isn't Facebook. #watdafuckilooklike?
Me and think that you need to come up with a more creative twitter name.
Hate seeing girls with huge racks, but their face looks like mine =( donate that shit to your cute flat chested friend!
hey Jojo :) how are you?? you're very pretty
yup, a fanpage though.
RT : Tell someone you love them today
Amen bro!
If I had a dick would you suck it?
TRB-VI What year did TRB switch from years to Roman numerals? send your answer to good luck!
puts on a clinic as the punish the hawks 101-79! Let's go celtics!
Sure. I don't know if would be there for ya though. ;-)
yes! If not, and I will visit you on a trip back from Europe later this year. Hugs! Hug Ana too!
so good to meet you. Will you be at the reception later?
See you there!
Another chance to win two $25 passes to the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf Club! Passes go to lucky caller #7 during today's show!
talking on the phone with clients about #css and #html is just too much fun. seeing them connect the dots is bliss. :)
Don't worry, we'll be preforming all weekend. RT:: watching & busting out the NSync moves >>>>>
Right On Braahhh !
My meter does not get moved by Phil Mickelson. Never has. Never will. To me, he's just a completely uninteresting, standard, nice guy.
#np Right by my side- Chris Brown>>
What are some of the most confusing terms associated with #desktop #publishing? I want to hear from you!
Im drinking lemonade and i sniffed it trying to sniff it and i couldn't
Yeah, I would have preferred he got a nom over Freeman for INVICTUS
bust in my mouth
i knew it would bring the boys runnin. john peel brings all the boys to the yard.
French Pres. Hollande's plane struck by lightning as he departs for Germany; had to return and switch planes.
As a former waitress, all of you tweeting #IHateWhenMyWaiter should spend a month waiting tables.Then u can talk.
Bang bang bang! I'm breaking in, stealing all my love back giving it to her.
id rather be drinking a smoothie from Mickey D's arrggg
Hapuna Beach -- white sand for a half mile on the island known for its black sand beaches.
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do."
Open wounded, empty handed. If you love someone, tell them right now.
TWO MORE WEEKS OF HELL. ( school ) than SUMMMMMMMMMA! :D
lol leave her alone she was hungry
Haunted house tonight yessir!
What's your favorite hot sauce on the market?
R.I.P aunt Jackie !!!! I love you always!!!
I think I'm just going to start rumors about reunion shows and will them into existence.
Please free from #TwitterJail, I love her!
I have officially rump to bring a junior next year
For a nominal fee, a factoring company provides services to speed up processes to allow companies the funds to grow their business.
no problem(: I hope I get to see you at SpringleBall , and I hope you win(:
Ouch. The First Lady didn't dig that 'spilled milk' joke either.
Crush on #JohnIrving steady as ever but now having tiny crush on Kevin Moriarty. Perfect host!
With that endorsement how can we not! I am addicted to Barrie Burgers though. Keep track and I'm at 34 :)
If your in Pikesville Maryland Saturday September 25. My band, Tall In The Saddle will be playing a free concert from 6pm to 9 pm
looking forward to visiting your office for a meeting with Tevon this week.
John works tues-sat from noon til close
Newspapers, coffee and watching the snow fall.
thinks today is spend all those gift cards day
The mofos rallying against gay marriage are the same folks that have no political stance on anything else.
hahah :) ur like the star football player there arent you?
Anyone have suggestions? RT Know of any home decor store sales? I'm hunting for a new comforter set
That's why you do the Basa Nova afterwords!
went to refill my drink of water in the kitchen, only to leave the drink in the kitchen and sit back at the computer. wow...
really.? What happened? Lol..
Thanks for the time article..Interesting conversation. 
RT : Whether today seems to go your way or not, it's always going God's way. He doesn't make mistakes. Trust Him. Proverbs 3:5-6
Why try so hard if I know I won't get far..
I'm glad I took this day off from school (:
Austin Kearns grounds out to third. Tell me if you've heard this one before.
Being the life of the party in the car with #yeahbuddy!!!!
"An ancient script asks: 'Would you let a man rule the city who cannot even rule his own spirit?' Sometimes we do. --Jim Rohn
I figured I'd write a song tonight about how beautiful someone can be just by what's on the inside and not what's just on the outside.
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Great drink & food specials and always a good time.
#iJustLoveItWhen people seems nice
she definitely is. That's only two things on the really long list of why I love her. Lol
On my way to perform Mini readings at a Birthday Party tonight!!! I love parties, reminds me of a past life in the Carnival!!! LOL
Ray Allen out on floor to start second half. Avery Bradley has not returned.
Okay so i thinkk i got it now (:
- Burt's Bees has a poison ivy soap that works-
Awwwh thank you (: You are to !
Thanks for connecting Ciara.
Thank you!
Excited 2 go back to my old stomping grounds and see sing at the talent show.. Woo Hoo Northbrook here I go.. #memories
Joining Immersive Ed Quest chain #3dgamelab. If I never return, tell my family I love them.
do you ever eat any of the baked goods/food that fans give you?
oh, my profanity is offensive? So is your fucking insensitive nature, so we're even.
#ndsa many new friends and partners attending joint / NDSA partners meeting in DC
Your children need your presence more than your presents. ~Jesse Jackson
Thankfully, chewing dulling the hearing.
on how your parents are....if you look up to them then you want to be just like your parents but better
NSN IS NOW OUT ON DVD, BITCHES :)
reading excellent health tips by before acupuncture
you never disappoint.
The coolest invention for your drink since ice! (pun intended)
Does Corbin deserve COY? He should be at least getting more mention than he is.
yes they are and they play so well together!
This is my ONLY account... I don't really know why anyone would want to be me, but hey, that's cool if you do....
is celebrating #CincoDeMayo! Food and drink deals 5/4 - 5/6 plus Mariachi's! Yes. #Belly is ALL ABOUT margaritas & mariachis
See you tonight at our connection event at Luci Boutique! Wear RED & your scarves!
So um I kinda sorta maybe fer'sure love my best friend in the entire world c:
Thanks for the introduction!
Suspicious man escorted off the plane had 2 knives... At least a good citizen reported him!
Last chance to sign up for classes for this coming session. Classes start next week! Space in Aerial Basics!! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
when the reality show didn't make it
woohoo!! Family time, here we come.
Everybody Wanna Be A Rapper..
Time to come back!
Networking is the key to every business. Smart Business Networking is the blood that makes it work.
NC, Raise Up? If so, I'm pysched. Brad and I will be there! Friday 6:30pm-Dirty playlist tonight.
I guess I never let you go, because in the back of my mind I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
McNabb was a great player, no denying that.
Happy birthday
i'll keep her in my prayers
Great to see & at social media panel. Thanks for coming!
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others. -Haim Ginott
Awesome earth day event today! Thanks to Rock the Green for putting it on! Evan Christian is great :)
Canola. Done.
Sweet...breaking of the legs and such!!
Lawyer just said: I wasn't yelling, I was advocating strongly.
I would imagine they'd always want more
dont feel good at all....ugh...i feel sick feel like im about to throw up....
Working late but happy!
So today I officially started working on the beatsheet for my (still) Untitled screenplay :)
Good Morning! Stop by today to pick up any two grams for $30! Strain of the day is Kushwreck! See you soon..
Jake needs an instagram...I need new pics of him.
why do these random ass numbers keep calling me
The boys and I agree...experiencing the City from our bike instead of car allowed us to see L.A. from a new perspective -
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 32
Bring it. RT Hey Louisville..in the word of Omar from "The Wire"..."you come at the King...you best not miss"
it's been a good night!
*Sighs softly.*
I could use a glass of wine. Who's with me?
when's the soonest #Sounders may announce signings (is it Jan 15th)? (now having to replace Keller, Riley, Wahl, & secure Mauro)
Portland rock and roll 1/2 marathon in t-minus 12 days! I hope they'll serve hot dogs at the end...
She doesn't have permission to speak to me anymore.
morning hell it late afternoon when i live j/k
And you, dear!!
Neck kissing, Cuddling, lip biting, grabbing. <3
fabulous. I will see you all in a few hours
good afternoon followers wat it do
Networking @ olive pit! W/
next fall #downtonabbey night at the pub. In honor- what is Lord Grantham's drink of choice?
OH MY GOD!!!! JUSTIN POSTED A VIDEO ON VIDDY AND HE WAS DOING A PHOTOSHOOT SHIRTLESS AND YOU CAN SEE HIS MUSCLES!! I'M DYING HE IS SO SEXY
i love looking at Justin's profile and it saying follows you. its just amazing that he actually noticed my account for a min.
Off to a listing appt and then a pre-closing walk through... Busy day.
Shoot and suit presentation for earl of finch tonight! Can't wait!
"You can write whatever in a paper, just bullshit your way through twenty pages" No. You can't do that at all.
In the courtroom in Beverly hills court.
He's just chopping away
All of the above :-)
My body is killin me.. N it aint that I jus just got dun liftin weights pain either..
Nice when you can run to VF Outlet at lunch and get a great deal and eat stuff. Handy stuff on The Corridor.
We just did some spring cleaning on our patio...new tables, new landscaping....and more. We are ready for FQF!
Perhaps Mr. Limbaugh could try inserting an aspirin between his lips and see if that reduces the pain for everyone?
many thanks for the intro to Showing him around Rittenhouse last night was the most fun I've had in recent memory.
so you never went to detroit
that same thing happened to me. It's a bummer :(
Call the ICONic Boyz gay, and just watch what happens.
its funny how once the sun goes down and im the only one up, im scared to walk through my own house.
if you're serious, hit up my head coach, Ricky Wilson. I will dm his number
Just watched all of the videos on and YouTube channel, <3
My son gave me a pack of Stride for #MothersDay, but then 30 minutes later he came up & asked me "Mom, u got any gum?" :-| lol
Knitting socks with tri-color self-striping yarn: I'm excited to see the next color even though I clearly know what it is.
"Yellow missing signs faded from all this time-I need to know...where'd you go?" ::someone still loves you boris yeltsin::
Preperation + Audition ='d My CALL BACK!
: Thanks for RT.
C'mon spring time... I see the daylight creepin.
I hate this class....
The black swan is on all major digital music platforms! Lets get it
---LADIES ARE FREE ALL NIGHT LONG--- TONIGHT at Current ***SHISHA ON THE OUTDOOR DECK EVERY WEEK!!***
Which province?
Be yourself. People may or may not like you, but it's important that you stay true to who you are.
I want one! Damn, I want two! <--Backup, of course. RT Weapons of Mass Description (via )
Happy New Year!
Asking fake people if they were made in China
haha just let him be. You're all good! Haters will hate.
#NationalForumOnYouthViolencePrevention: Reentry begins when folks enter not leave prison
B-O-O-S-I-E B-A-D-A-Z-Z that's me! Red bone caramel all of em stop and stare. all of em trying to steal my underwear...WIPE ME DOWN!
Enjoy your day, Mothers!
Your the best Tramon! Great guy and an incredible CB, DYNAMITE COMBO!!!
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have. ~Zig Ziglar
When did you figure that out? I think I was a director by the age of 8 or 9. Knew it by 14. :-)
can't stop listening to April's #WHLN .... Only thing keeping me going this morning!
ABDC is just a fucking popularity contest now. Fanny Pak has their fame already, just leave. They're only there cause of their fame tbh.
no I'm serious lol I want some for real
Rickie Weeks is batting above .150
At the museum
Tha system made me stronger, & bein broke jus gave me my hunger
Dick Riders don't understand much except what they choose to believe is facts inside they head smh
I'm already eating my lunch....
HELP US GET 5 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HELP #FINDACURE!!!! WE FOLLOW BACK
Baseball Final>Valor 12, Golden 1 in 5 innings. Eagles Daniel Butler hit 2HR and drove in 5.
Northwestern women's lacrosse game starts at 4:30 p.m. CT.
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
Thanks for the RT's YOU ROCK!!! :)
4199751893 call me.
Off to see the Amish today. I'm excited. I've never been out to their market.
my phone died... But ;)
!!! RT : I hate Vick so much in madden
So many tests/quizzes today! :/
Ah, yes, , I knew you were traveling; was not sure if you arrived. Accompanied by Napoleanic brigade? I'll be at digital drop-in
u better take me.
Watchen the movie the help it is a good movie soo far :)
RT : feeling honored to make the music mix for now i gotta fish threw a pile of vinyl and compact discs...
I wish I could get a tweet from Kim Zolciak!! :)
If that funkytown debate sketch went on for an hour I'd have stuck with it. Wonderfully silly.
at the movies with
#cudiflow on the way home is legit as fuck
I gave a stripper a hot-pacho once, and was forcefully removed from the premises.
Actually the word is "Experience" ... Excellent pres by
ALWAYS kiss me goodnight <3
RT Tickets just released for the May 5 show. To purchase, call 718.636.4100
Every breath you waste on hate and ignorance is a lost sigh of contentment.
ya I know but I am kinda bumbed cause I don't get to see all my friends and stuff
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed Aha Sit Back And Relax...
Whoa! Love the new online account management interface! Looks great!
famous last words
#News A 14 yr old teen who has been missing since 2010 was mistakenly deported to Colombia and is now sitting in a detention facility
Dear god. It's like my head was in a can, and now it all makes sense. thank GOD for
Thanks for the Fruit Tree Sale shout out! We're getting ready now and there is a lot of good stuff!
Thanks for the follow! Yay to indie publishers! Onward!
maybe...for the royals, just not sure on most teams.
Don't fear change. Change fear.
Sigh. It's true. This puppy needs a few good TCH!s and some calm assertiveness...
LOL. I'll introduce you to plenty of people here. I'm all hooked up.
Back to work I go.
phone caller wanted list of public computer classes. they're only being offered downtown because i'm the only one putting them together.
Guuurl be careful with that Sharon Osborne now that we all know the truth bout
I've been waiting a week to hear "heard it all before" on the radio. Sunshine Anderson
where can I catch ? Is it a podcast?
Can't.stop.staring.at.my.BG. so freaking hot
I keep my shit together, not a screw lose
My phone going dead already
have tears in my eyes laughing at 's video outtakes. Want to see more!
He doesn't play for us (Nielson and Kronberg are too good in front of him) but he kills at the U20 level, despite being only 18
Progress = measurable RESULTS not INTENTIONS, 2 get results = commitment & dedication, intentions are like the wind, they blow awaybyStacey
haahaha i know! I was stupid back then..
geez, another one?!??!
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
I can hear them calling me a skank. lol
YES!!!! Thank goodness my computer works, otherwise I'd have to ask Claude to share his electronic magazines.
Shorty Wanna Fuck Me I Say Get On Top n Rollercoast
Well Played
Ready go night night nigga
Take back my heart, I don't mind.
Hi Susana, you have the most beautiful face I have ever seen on a woman Omg! remind me to hire you for an actress part! Lee
That was an amazing back and forth that you just had; should have been televised!
Are you kidding me? Loe gives up a Granny on his 1st pitch! #Brewers bullpen with another failed outing. Wolf deserved better!
I'm going to join a #FantasyFootball league with defensive players and draft No joke, I'm doing it.
Has balls of steel but my boy had the play of the game!! Keep it rollin
Justice is truth in action. - Benjamin Disraeli
I'm loving this thunderstorm, but my cat is freaking out. Poor kitty, she hates rain and storms. :(
grab somebody sexy tell them hey
I c u ontop of shit with the quickness my dude!!! Let's Win!!!
Hey!! Guess who left 's phone logged into her Twitter! This gal!! ;)
Happy bday to Milwaukee's original Ron Burgandy, ! You stay classy, Planet Milwaukee.
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter.
please follow me
your late! you should of been here hours ago....
I get sacred everytime sends me picture mail
Thanks to all who participated in today's CampusHelp User Group! To learn more, please contact or DM us here!
I'll send it to the right person and let you know. Thanks!
. Yes. Retrospectively: getting a job working in fac dev my last year = HUGE for building "leadership"
thank YOU for making this an amazing day.
I allowed inside my heart
A few more beers and I might just attach a twitpic.
It feels weird not having any company in my apartment. I haven't been alone like this in a long time
really? Man, I'm out of the loop or something.
Yeah, American Idol...lovin it!
Ha. I hope you had a good night!
Jacque Jones. : Worse arm: Juan Pierre or Johnny Damon?
I had a dream I was impersonating Sofia Vergara in a Russian accent.
Thanks for following, Amy. I trained as a nurse way back when at St. Joe's in Phoenix.
I need 2 get some food but 2 lazy 2 get up
the #LAPD are Satan.
you know we love you Yuleta...<3
#NowPlaying "Motto" by Drake ft. Lil Wayne and Tyga
lmfao at your whore tweet :) thanks fpr the giggle
Join me today from 10-4 at the Festival of Arts & Crafts at the Lake County Fairgrounds 1060 E. Peterson Rd in Grayslake.
TY great article what a wonderful use for that area of
I know what you thinking, what happend to me? I dropped of the face of the earth, but thanks to gravitational pull I finaly came back.
email them bro!
word up do it u ain't going to miss shit in jerseys
That Haworth girl who changed my life, inspired me, and taught me to chase my dreams. I will never ever stop supporting Liz. <3.
Any #crew96 fans in Toledo? I'm here for the evening and want to catch the match...any suggestions?
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad. Probably replaces 90% of my laptop time.
"ed where have you always wanted to live?" "near a mailbox eddy!"
that is so true!!! we will need to see eachother again very soon! :)
#Nike has been cool for decades though "everyone" wears its shoes (43% of category). #Apple has a similar allure.
Mad ass hell I locked my keys in my car and these fuckers taking all day
#southpark always makes me smile. butters just shot a guy in the dick and they raped indiana jones.
I'm just jokinglol And I wasn't tweeting about you yesterday if you thought I was. I promise those tweets wern't about you.
is the People of Idaho represented, our website will be up soon. www.WeThePeopleOfIdaho.com
love the image of the Straights on your Twitter page!
so great! doesn't happen nearly enough!
why is my dog barking tho?
They re-measured skyler's height... 32" he also got his blood drawn and absolutely hated it. Last, got his 12 month shots.
The awkward when you read "moment" even though it wasn't there.
Is your car dirty?
Did you see any tarantulas? It's mating season! Oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
Believe in life and #neversaynever life is worth it!!!
Rice Christie Brinkleys
That Max character on "Three Broke Girls" is so negative it's getting annoying.
RT : I'm an "I love you, man" drunk. You? >> that's the best kind!
had me cryin...
Dear spellcheck development dept, I'd like to service you for messing up my texture. I'm sexing your manhood to comply as well.
What a day...
COD in 3 hours....be there
no. i'm not eating cookies.
#Follow some good friends/mine
NYC shows : THIS Thurs, Fri & Sat at 8pm. If a show is sold out online, there should be cash only tix at the door the night of!
Lord Bless The Dead
The worst thing about Texas being in the World Series is we'll be forced to look at Dubya's dumb mug behind home plate on TV.
9 tickets to graduation is not enough...seriously i need 2 more then im all good
Haha. Yeah, it looks so terrible. I've never wanted to gouge my eyes put with a spork so bad in my life!
Thank you! :D <3
Good morning! Woke up to freeing rain.
Samsung OLED is amazingly thin. Price is TBD but likely astronomical.
Last burger day ever with
My favorite people - follow them.
RT if ur imaginary boyfriend is British, Irish, or 1/8 Belgian =)
Aw, so fun! We can't wait to see when they bloom!
#WhatIHaveDoneInThePast EAT FIFTY BUTTERFLY CAKES AND BEEN SICK!x
Yes, there are definitely other adjectives we could use here.
Nothing makes me happier than good talent and nice people.
I just wana go home and cry
TY for the #FF and your kind words! I appreciate you.
Ppl tried to play on OTC
We found another black lab named Henery. :) Oracle and the Mountain's bass player talked about him on this weeks podcast.
Business mind state..I am the CEO
: I say come to Indy Taryn! <-well then, Indy it is! Looking forward 2 it n happy u r speaking there!
Back home again in Indiana! Car unloaded, time to do laundry. Can't believe my wonderful weekend with friends in Chicago is over.
Time to see if Narveson has any Nervesons, amiright?
Had a lot of fun teaching Photoshop as a guest instructor to Ft. King Middle School's Journalism class. Thank you for a great visit!
hunny be real (:
welcome to the #Patriots, you are gonna fit in well and kick some ass.
Where is your event? No url in your bio...no place to find more info...
no llores! We still love you "big pam"
Just had 1st InCopy use, on a bulletin. Went great, saved me about 4 rounds of tiny corrections--still did alignment fixes, tho.
Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check
Good report from cardiologist this AM. Things steady! Will remain on current meds/dosage. Sleep study canceled. Positive news is uplifting!
low lives with computers
m, add some pignoli nuts and you're ready for pesto!
S/o to Zombieland
mutual panopticon enforcement?
Everything is better wen ur high dont believe me try
Many thanks to the dedicated professionals and leaders in Columbia, MO. Had an inspiring three days doing 9 workshops for 1086 people.
Somethings are better left unsaid, but when the person has a hold on you always express your emotions.
Getting ready 2 go 2 the Denver Museum of science.
just checking it out nowgive me a few minutes.
All we've done all week is westest prep.
Tell him you have your accountants or your landlord "pay for it all!!!"
I wish I wasn't so sleep deprived.......
Wondering what the effect of all the electronics in new cars will have on the auto repair industry in 5-10 years
What is your go to favorite piece right now? Love to see a pic or a link! xox
not at all, just made yourself look like the delusional, retarded gump that you are! #osu>bammer
Memorial Day. Make it happen.
haha oh. I feel stupid
just got done recording a voiceover for the first Official Transcendant trailer im excited
Great day in the studio Monday w the talented Christine Santelli, Today Mike Bram comes in.Lots of cool music being made here. Who's next?
I have the best boyfriend in the world <3 I'm glad your always there for me babe!! I love you<3 forever and ever (:
R.I.P 2 MY CONDOLENCES GOES OUT 2 AND CALI SWAG DISTRIC FAMILY.M-BONE KILLED! DAMN THATS CRAZY.VIOLENCE! SMH! :(
Welcome to the wild wild west.
you guys are awesome dancers lol
22 inst anything special....plus its finals week...whoopy
A movie camera is like having someone you have a crush on watching you from afar... you pretend it's not there.--TOM STOPPARD
Thank you SO much Japan for being so incredible! Ill see you all again in a week but for now.... I'm goin goin back back to Cali Cali!!!!!
Book LL vs the defending champ who already survived KK vs AA AIPf? No bet!!!
: ) wish we could do more
Right Its Awesome
you both should do a nigt together with and gt gothic crazy!
Its already been a year? damn.. seems like yesterday the nado hit..
Trying to decide if it's ironic that the Kindle version of Jobs' bio is only $1 less than the paper version.
is my one true love. RT i'm stalking all your boards by the way..... :)
genuinely hates Wisconsin.
no, not yet! i should have been clearer; we anticipate uncorking the MITH wine soon, once we have tasty cheese to go with...
Phuket with the two girls I love the most
An electrician is a bright spark who knows what's watt.
Quick follow up. did you check the email? lets get to jammin!!
*crickets* RT So who's buying me dinner tonight? I'm hungry
meet me !
Tip 'o the Hat to the #librarians who put Tintin in the library when I was a kid even though the books were still in French.
bieber is mine :)
With that kind of ringing endorsement, what choice do I have?
THANKS for the WORLD CHANGING Event! I know w/o a doubt that by next year I will be at 7 Figures b/c of the info! THANKS!
I always wanna tweet about how hurt i feel when people lie to me or like talk about me but then i cant do that because ive done it. smh @ me
Ugh I hate the doctors.
Bars all day
RT!!": The Lord is so worthy to be praise..#BlessingFlow"
Is the Zakk abd Jack show still on? Have not heard it in Wichita for a while.
welcome to Twitter! :)
me to!! we should get matching ones! haha
this is awesome news! we'll make a foodie roadtrip to visit whatever esteemed eatery you land at!
#idontsupport nobody but my baby girl lol..
lmaoo, but my dad loves me he's taking me to KFC :3
Trick play for the touchdown!!
Loved you with Kelly this morning! So charming! Your Twitter grandma is (I instead of e)!
So glad I started following Dude is seriously funny and relevant at the same time. Thanks for the
what it dew pimp
Another 12 AM show. Will #POTC4 be as good as #POTC1? Doubtful. Hoping for better than #POTC2 or 3. As ever, you should be here.
i have a lot of friends moving up n the industry and it makes me so happy. i jus cant wait to c where we all end up =) Keep God first
Might freeze tonight and tommorrow night so shut off your timers to prevent ice on sidewalks & driveways from overspray
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBROOKEBEATTY! Have a great one c:
Thanks Joe!
Now being heard in Judiciary: Senator Lieu carrying legislation 4 Equality California 2 prohibit sexual orientation change efforts = SB 1172
hahaha really? Why would we ever stop?!
Wondering how many times people will try to be funny tonight & tweet something like: "At the Hunger Games...at my house! Pizza on the way!"
LOL i love karma, this boy used to call me ugly and shit, I just saw his Yearbook picture, he looks like a motherfuckin turkey.. BAAGUKKKK!
I got like three Phillis from there theyre so good
True potential #:)
I would love to go see justins charity concert. Shriners is an amazing hosptial.
I think by the end of this paper I will know 's website and communication policies inside and out.
how do you wanna handle it? we kill them all.
Yes I am!! :) Thanks for being awesome!!
: Lovin watching the bucks on Espn. Bucks v Bulls playoff series would be sweet. #bucks nice!
Must. Write. Paper..... Turkey. Coma. Setting. In. :-\
,and more will be in the spot!! $5 Drinks allnite!! Security by X-Men!! So No bs This Way!!! VIP Sold Out!!! This is gon bang!
"WWLD?" What Would Liberace Do? (Trying to pick out clothes for this evening.)
and it's not even my birthday...
Red Fire Farm Organic Eggs Suspiro Limeno con La Nutella a perfect Peruvian Italian bit of indulgence!
Let us know what you think and how it works out for ya! If you have any questions, just ask. Happy to help!
fayettevill STATE UNIVERSITY ..... IS !
Happy Birthday Breakfast...looking to enjoy the rest business-free and stress-free.
Would I be a hot news anchor!?
Oh? RT : Charles barely says whatever is on his mind lol
it! Are the weekends the best for you?
wed love to play your b day party!!!
DO YOU WANNA GO TO THIS ASAP ROCKY SHOW IN POMONA? WE HAvE AN $$EXTRA TIC$$! Bring yo ASS To The Glasshouse and hit me!
maybe I am in the wrong field in Sales/Marketing, I need to go get a brokers license, NOT.....just say Im a broker
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!
He's so hot, he's on fire! The hottest news dude in SD... really?
San Antonio , Texas baby (; lol you ?
The G.O.A.T ll cool j
HA!! Figures!!!..so this vitriol is more about generating as much interest as possible now to lead to their book. typical
You Aint Never Seen Nun Till Ya Seen Ce!
Keep in mind that, as an Envoy, you are also eligible for the CEN internship...which pays more!
.. and yet I still giggle at "Shake Weight" commercials..
Amazing day! Thanks to PTA advocates for lending time, talent, and VOICE to fight for kids. Can't wait for tomorrow!
Yeah, I replied before catching upw/ the thread. Wish I could fine the time for more #glamwiki projects. A few ideas brewing.
Fundraiser for the Austin city food bank.. Help fight hunger in our community
Great night with friends and family! Tomorrow planning our wedding then celebrating our friends' wedding!
RT : darling, you always crack me up! )--I keep trying to divine the future by studying the PowerPoint entrails....
yep! Been in my head all morning. Btw: roll those confits please.
hi Jen it was wonderful talking with you. You are a real asset to Amigo. Stay productive & lively
Happy Birthday, jasmine.
Do you have a download link to the Janine & the Mixtape song?!
am I wrong for wanting to do somethin nasty to #lidiabastianich right after many drinks and her cooking me a good meal? #marthastewart too!
": ICYMI A Nebraska man legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex today." Everything ok with the water out there?
For the No. 12 pick #Philadelphia selects OT Fletcher Cox from
I DONT WANT THE POWER THESE AMERICAN LADIES IS KEEPING OF. OF THE HOLY FATHER
Done! Switch is up under Favorite Places on Pinterest. ;)
PLEASE CONTACT IMAGINARY TALENT FOR AUDITION INFORMATION.
if you needa talk, I'm here bo!
Is way too overly excited about Lion King merchandise at Walmart.
We cannot afford disposable librarians. If you don't speak up, we are gone
No it's not too late! Call today. 914-533-0333. xoxoxo
.. umm it's the AVX it's so loud, the mom already had the kid in her lap & it's only the previews. Way too loud for a little 1
i wish! but no he said he was gonna give me $200 on the 13th so i will do it myself! he still hasnt deactivated the other phone!
a real treat. great to see u too.
Ranting to Eamonn about my life because #yolo. I Wish he had a twitter ): lets make him get one
scares D:
ok, i'll try to pull this together real quick.
Superbowl XLVI prediction: New England Patriots v. New York Giants
and that's only the first release off of this EP... :}
Reality check: Inheriting your money, success, opportunity, etc. is not earning it. Stop being a prick and pay it forward.
i share a birthday with ashton kutcher. same year, too. :)
YES! I love the song they always play! GET ON YOUR FEET!
a little early to talk trash
can you please come down under to australia?! my parents won't take me to england to try a 1D milkshake :(
RT : Testing with a screen reader only is not sufficient for testing keyboard only
i want something sweet :)
Really missing Desire today. Life is too busy and I just want relax naked with the whole crew! Where's Claudia when I need her?
WELL I THINK PS3 IS O_o
Life is crazy and if you don't laugh your ass off at most of the idiotic things people do..you may very well turn into an idiot yourself!!!!
Holy cow. Mr. Feeny is on #GreysAnatomy! Also, I'm showered and in bed. And I still see a sliver of light outside. Does that make me lame?
I heard the west coast is the best coast
Tricky Ass Hoe's Texas......... -Female Inmate on Scared Straight Program-
that sounded GAY lol
Brewers get only a Juan Castillo walk and Paul Mirabella comes on to set the Mariners down in order in the 7th. 7-3 Mariners.
a year ago we beat Gar-Field 2gether by 50. We shall See if I've made a diff at all!
Yeah... And you wonder why I don't have friends... Lol... I give their grandma's heart attacks
I will never understand my cousin. She really texted me saying she let her man fist her..... again! Thats jus wrong to me.
Omg. You obviously dont know how to talk to girls.
what a about it
Boulder Coffee is a proud sponser of "City Clean Sweep". May 2nd, 9th & 16th. Take part in giving back to our community and lending a hand.
I am open to date any race however if you are skinnier than me well I just can't
Decorating the office for the holidays. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. Photos to follow!
gotta say, most people said preso from of was most suprising/exciting at Google's #bigtent event
six drinks later...at the duplex dinner. I don't know anyone here. Perhaps I'm still not a washingtonian after ten years. I am drunk though
OK, I gotta give it to the LOCKSS team. I have in my possession one Ballast Point Amber Ale. Danke! I will keep my daemons up to date!
I'll kiss your mom! =D Eh...eh...? Am I right? -nudge nudge-
Nope, straight out of the fridge.
But let's be really- he had to do that because his last one was so wack
Agree - and yet that's also threatening for some of my colleagues, who are not used to transparency
Hey, a pass travelled further than 10 yards. At least we know one of the QB's in this game is capable of throwing that far.
I'm not even lying... I kind of want to try the Doritos taco from taco bell. 
Featured member of the week: Rebecca Harris. Congrats Rebecca!
So ... how did your tattoo come out?
focusing on the job market this week - preparing 20ish applications hoping to send out 50+
TITLE TOWN Soul & Funk Party going down 2NITE @ Shadow Lounge!
Now following thanks a lot man i hope u subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 and my team are them 2 x champs
Most competitive bump playa - skilled on the other hand, well
my old stoppin' grounds!
Kicking off Derby weekend!! Just landed in Louisville, Kentucky. With my parents & Rich. Can't wait to party...
What are the 'dying field' today..
Sacto genre smashers sign to Will release two albums this year! "The Money Store" drops April 24.
Never take advantage of someones trust.
Lezbi honest, one of us has to be the pretty rocket..
Great event yesterday. BBJ Biz Expo. We had over 50 vendors + over 450 registered attendees.
hahaha I'm so dumb sometimes I swear. Oopsies. Haha
Shopped at the flea market & Funky Arts & Crafts Show in Ft. Worth. Best craft show I've been to! Now time for patios & beers.
DaRealRosaParks na haven't heard from him in a week think were goin to beer garden and granny's though
definitely. Taking the trains now that I'm back in NYC. It feels good to not be stuck in an immobile vehicle
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow. This opportunity comes once in a lifetime!
Such a La Dispute mood~
what up
:D How are you?:3
And I'm up
Its about time for Kobe to rape another woman!
MT : is lowering pay meter to 10 free articles/month - but links from Twitter, Facebook, blogs remain free, unlimited
#69Factsaboutme 43. I love to help people.
Why isn't biggie the picture on google today?
boring day :/
Good morning! Getting ready for our morning news meeting.
As soon as I got to your site, two ads started talking at the same time. I left in a hurry.
tonite I'm hostin Mon nite f-ball at Park 52 Rest-5201 s harper in Hyde Park! Vikings/Jets! Free! surprize guests! Food/drinks! Game 7:30
So bored need a break
"...even though you do not see him now, you believe in him and are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy.." -1 Peter 1:8
SPU students! Open Mic is at the Qcafe tonight! Make sure to get here by 6 to sign up and the show will be beginning around 7!!!!!
Oh god... What did I do..
Ya, I think I'm out on that one. They'll probably get me on the summer super hero block busters as always. I'm a sucker.
Don't forget to ad GreenNote to your Facebook page! Help let your friends and family know what you want for graduation.
Check out WWW.therisinghollywood.com for our discount code...
If I saw you in the pouring rain, the illusion wouldn't be the same. I think you should know, you'd still be strangely beautiful.
We created our New Years card today!!! 2012 get ready for the Sashes and Crowns girls! Go Team!
...are not part of our national memory. There is something heart wrenching about the widely shown images and film clips of the event...
Google, why do you make me copy my Dentist's address into the location field of my appointment by hand? linking docs is somehow easier?
I don't know honestly
Eeew! Was Janet Davies trying to slip Mark Giangreco the tongue at midnight? Was anyone else a witness to that?
takin everything slow, so slow.. so sloow.
It's sad that the #stopkony problem has been going on for years and people are just now finding out about it
That awkward moment when you're singing Michelle Branch at the top of ur lungs & pull up beside a car of Black guys... =X
RT : RT true, I am just not a Southfield fan irrationally. The library is pretty baller though <-- Thanks!
Your invited to Fancy Sauce Tuesday's VIP this is one of Vegas hottest night club reply for guest list
yes, and USMC are the men (and women) too!
blizzard - its about time
fugger L.a is my town!
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Mommies Day almost here...break bread
RT : Awkward life w/ "
Thanks for coming out! Loved having you there! Always a great addition to
I hate learning from the mistakes of others who take my advice.
Happy Veterans Day! To all the soldiers that are sacrificing their lives & time w/ their families to keep us safe. You have my gratitude. <3
Follow back please  would mean alot 
Bout to watch breaking dawn :)
omfb , i love your tweets . please follow me back ? :)
Looking to start recording some new tracks this week. Can't wait to get it going!
Petco Park's Lucky's Lunch Counter (Ty Hauter) opens in Culy Warehouse featuring old-timey fare & new-fangled tastes.
cultural studies, a degree where the only thing you can do is to teach others to have the same worthless degree
this real talk.
right, I know! I live downtown and thought about buying a chicken, actually.
I didn't want it to become an emergency replacement situation and I can still get what I need directly off the old one.
I will steal you Poster
the has the fund for children to creat orbs and youth engaged in community funded in part by sport teams.
you heading somewhere else? Headed to romneys but prob won't be there for 5 minutes
Just when I thought I had extra cash, you go and launch a sale. Well played
im in need of a new picture on here haha time for an update
Id say it back to u.. If u felt righteous underneath me~ if eat it like a bday cake.. Come on Kreayshawn~
Do you know a woman who's making a difference? Tell us why she should be recognized as a local hero for Womens History Month....
Saggy face bastard
"Love Has No Pride," Bonnie Raitt; "Song for Adam," ; "Accidentally like a Martyr, Warren Zevon--short playlist
you meant so hott right now
It's okay. Kelly is the coolest rock star you'll ever meet.
you got me pinching myself do you really look like that can i see you close up
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Twitter-need I say more...?
I knew when we collided, youre the one I have decided, Whos one of my kind.
I always find that brits weirdly overvalue gatsby. Not even fitzgerald's best. (but then my vote would be nabokov's pale fire)
U no I just can't leave u out derre da catz may come back & we wouldn't want dat o.O
love you too :) sweet dreams !!
My special report on the Wieden & Kennedy guys behind the Dodge/Chrysler Superbowl Commercials. Sunday 11PM KOIN 6
Yes we do Eni! You should come visit soon I knw Francis would Love your company cuz he b tired as hell of me lol
Lazy Sundays are good for my budget, if I don't get out of bed then I won't spend any money
Download the event app for #IBMPureSystems announcement. Search 'integrated expertise' on Droid and iPhone markets
Do you follow and have you read the "fact sheet" about the debt deal? If you do & have, plz find me a fact.
big foot pizza was a staple after every Saturday game
Summer sleep schedule is already in place. Great
I Don't want to forget how your voice sounds.
Steak tacos for dinner and hopefully me for desert ;) #lovefaces <3
That. Is. Awesome.
;) we just had our first wedding anniversary in January.
I met Robert Davi yesterday, he's so freaking nice!! Loved him Goonies, Die Hard, The Profiler!! Great guy and actor!!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! Please let us know if we can help your School's save on laptop batteries!
Biggest strikezone ever, did Greinke even strike out a single batter? Still amazing that the score isn't way worse though!
Fresh bread, flowers & fun for the kids! Hope to see you at the market tomorrow! 3-8 pm!
Why don't we use umlaut more often?      Such a waste of a perfectly good diacritic.
he might as well go back and fuck wit converse
Can we stop showing Flip Saunders. He looks really great, we get it.
Apparently hipsters love hockey. I wonder why.
#ohyerrJerseyShore cant wait for the next season!
lol no complaints here I like shoes *opens new tab and looks for new shoes*
I just did a huge Industrial VO for a client in China. In addition to my occasionally incorrect pronounciation, I'm sounding like Alf
#SometimesIJustWant be happy! not give a damnm about anything! i'm done being heart broken by guys that dont give a shit about me!
concert tonight with some other cool people! Party with Biz Markie tomorrow night! Oh yeah! :D
Therefore, the healthier your weight, the less chance you have of getting diabetes
He read slow just like Harry would have.. lmao
I. FUCKING. HATE. MONDAYS.
Yoga w/ vinnie marino at yoga works!! The best ever!!
I just ordered my copy last night!
I try to confuse my cat by petting her in weird ways.
Great time with today! Learning so much about 3D modeling & simulation. Data is much more appealing in 3D than in Excel!
it's my spring break so i haven't been at my apartment! i'm here now though so i'll check this morning on my way out :}
last time we came to Haubstadt we had to stop on our way so my dad could get new shoes cause he didn't want to wear the ones he had onhaha.
I think me and are gonna see Avengers opening day. Looks good. But it's not TDKR.
busy playing hard and playing hard
Thks for the chuckle, now where are my mints this morning! RT : It was a terrible and smelly observation!
waiting for Friday -- will it never come?
I love being the most hated guy on the field cause even for the people that hate me...have to watch me
Awesome eMarketing / Social Media seminar yesterday! Highly recommended!
Got ma' whole crew tweetin' now!!
S/O to my man for the follow! Miss havin you around Nutter!
I am starting to agree with you, Leyland made it a point to stick up for his defensive play in the 1st in game one
It was warm, now it's cold again. Remedy: hot apple cider and bourbon. Happy holidays!!!
Get your cardio while building muscle with weights - Chicago Daily Herald
Say that again homie!!!! RT : Kobe will be hated if he wins or loses. I guess 5 rings will do that to people.
thanks not sure where it is however I will find it
#StageCombat #FF (highly skilled shooter) (sword-fighting) (archery)
Yum! RT : and the iberico ham! RT : A1. I'd love to rediscover the magic of Sevilla, Spain again and again.
What goes around comes around.
I'm almost done w Catching Fire!
RT Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true  Brian Tracy
Thank you for 2 free tickets to Spring Break in Vegas
like clockwork for the nuggets.
I haven't seen that one! I'll have to check it out!
So many tech problems at the presentations..We need nerds!
One more for the good guys
dude tat moustache suited her a lot....i m just not sure if its a real one
what the fuck. are you kidding me??1
She is my kinda beautiful.
Oh of course. If those are along the same lines, I may be interested in reading them, though. I say old, yet LOTR is like 70 now.:)
Have any of y'all 'borrowed' your parents car before you were 16?
The guy in the white blazer about to ask a question is looking sharp
How are things with your startup?
yeah I know too bad Doris thinks we're crazy
Ok last one I promise: "put aside the math and the logic of it, you gotta know you're wanted too" :)
My bf would take me to a place with half naked girls with nice ass bodies. Way to make me feel insecure.
hey what's good with u
Mentally preparing myself for today's day of rehearsals and ending with a performance.
how long have you been doing cf? I think I may join down here.
Great visit (read: several servings of cheese) with Sure is nice being in a short distance relationship again!
Twinkies w. the chocolate filling (:
Congrats to What's Trending team on your Webby nominations!
Amen bro
Ooh, I like that idea! It can be a multi-holiday celebration. :)
Win FREE Umeus Cloth gear this BLACK FRIDAY!!! Read this picture to see how!
El Cajon resident Wendy Huttson speaks to city council about not demolishing ECPAC and putting up a hotel in its place
omgosh hi! no no no but thiis is! thank you so much. #sosweet RT just thought you should know-you're amazing(:
Tomorrow! ": We can't wait to be a part of #pcbw! Event goes from 6-9 at Look for too!"
Take your grey highlights to lowlights. Method- Black Sharpie. Looks like I just got back from the salon.
We are happy to share that Kristen Mahoney, ED for MD GOCCP and President of NCJA BOD, has been named Deputy Director for Policy at BJA.
You're my idol and the work gives me good experience, too. :)
I really am genuinely flattered at how many people in the last week have said they want to work with me on creative projects.
A hint to go to bed is when the kindle shuts itself off so on that note goodnight!
M [deciding to make publicly financed data available to the public?]
It is something I grew up eating and I always have the stuff on hand. Love it with hashbrowns and ketchup. LOL!!
Happy Birthday. You're fearfully made!!!
Why bother?
I hate it when people r mad at me
I hope you like my website! Enjoy khatee! <3
ooh, I don't know! What is CAVE?? Sounds Platonic.
Yes! When is this? RT : can we trend #7yearsofTohoshinki or something for 7th year debut anniversary of Tohoshinki?
Everyone get ready - Ribbon is going to have a HUGE sale Thursday for Dolphin lovers everywhere.
Trending Topics I want to make happen
Holla! My favorite tune right now lol
watching! Thanks!!!
GOODMORNING aww...I woke up to my #300 follower thanks :)
Thursdays are my (obnoxiously) long days.
where is the event?
OOOoohhhh! Tsunade is stepping into action soon in the Naruto manga. Can't wait. <3 Favorite character :D
: thanks for following anytime for a sexy lady
thoroughly enjoyed the Dark Shadows film. If you want a fun movie, this is recommended.
#Rangers win, 3-2. Game 7 is Thursday at MSG. The series is tied at 3.
stupid ass sister forgot flatirons . now my head looks crazy
thank u ma
Hello twitter word..not i gotta get me some friends
im ready for the break all ready
From an actual casting notice: No-pay, but meals, credit and good vibes. Non-Union, but SAG okay.
Dale see u there!
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the old left tit."
i'll take you out to golden corral cuz u deserve iht.
So your life is what you make it, and success is for the takin' - If all you do is sit around, then your life is only wastin'
Stephen Colbert doing push ups with an 80 year old man. Priceless.
lol I sent that last night/ this mornin.. When u asked who was still up
*of course hannah cause i fucking love you
Lots of women don't care about "mad men". Shit we're made "mad" by men too.
Hi, I'm a addict. I hit refresh to view my "Pins" tab just to make sure it is aesthetically pleasing.
If u can't spell principal it probably shouldn't be on the resume... no hire.
haha nice! Who's teaching it?
got 35 banners for their stores! #buylocal #supportNOLA We are so excited!
Okay, just sent you an email to your yahoo. Let me know if you received it!
Pics or it didn't happen.
Wickedly bad sport coats. Look like horse blankets
This'll put the Chocolate Wonderfall at the nearby Golden Corrall to shame.
Join Co-Author Gerald D. Rogers in Atlanta as we launch our "Take Back Your Life Tour" Health, Wealth and Happiness in box me for location!
U r free boi!
Woo hooo! 500 followers! Very exciting! Thx for the support everybody!
Being a male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentlemen is a matter of choice.
Who has a fabulous green smoothie #recipe they want to share? We would love to hear how you stay #healthy and energized!
Guys who just play with your heart and feelings... < < <
What will your company look like when Millennials call the shots? Find out in the new whitepaper millennialinc.com.
Of Course We Enjoyed It.. But Knowing What Happens Next Week Is Sad... I Know Someone WHo Went Through Exactly That...
will u come bak to california ? ^.^
please stop making us listen to Jay Feely
Bored as hell
"A Death in Summer", such a good mystery by Benjamin Black, even better than "Christine Falls". And summer is about to die, isn't it
#AskScandal is Abigail a legit Ginger?!
broiled? yes I'm learning about the fine art of 'broiling' in this strange land. We'd usually just say 'grilled'.
:D that's what I'm here for!
there's an opossum in the tree outside our house...if this is a sign/symbol/omen for #2012 , what does it mean?!?
I LOVE SO MUCH
can't send you a DM reply. Are you guys HT participants? Hoping NLM joins in the next year.
Blackboard "bought" moodle with the acquisition of Moodlerooms.
Peaceful night at #highfalls too peaceful... Kinda creepy!
Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtado to Perform at Billboard ... - Hollywood Reporter
6am and she is startin' to rain already ):
Melinda Gates speaking to the importance of birth control on a global scale and stigma surrounding it
#twinsies RT : 3pm- the time I feel the most motivated to get stuff done for me, but stuck at work for 3 more hrs.
Thanks for the RT!!
RT : Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?
Just want to take this moment to give love to all the people who fuck with us and have been there to support us so far, we love you all
Nice to hear from one of my Faves - Bernice Ross - on FB strategies @ Agent Reboot
I wanna go! Only one book though? They must not stay very long.
Well at least I caught my train of the day today, well now I think I'll take my nap so unless you'll be doing a overnighter-
Interested in Latin America--#FF #LASA2012 for info on Latin Am Studies Assn meeting coming up soon.
Enjoyed Fashion Fever kick off to Fashion Week, great new designers and a well planned event! Congrats to a successful night
Where did you initally meet the last person you collaborated with?
If any of you have the 'Twitter', you can 'follow' me on it.
#Cubs in their dugout watching the #Cardinals receive World Series rings. A ceremony that will never happen at Wrigley Field
Listen to the intelligent mind, listen to the stupid heart. Be stupid. (Demi Lovato)
Let's go Lakers
Wood g is boring me now
Thank you...for your support and introducing us to #FF!
Going to class, dont miss me!
I hate auto text.
Alright well sorry. But you are kinda a Packer hater.
Tired of this same crap. Done.
What do you enjoy most about being a #physical #therapist? At the same time, what is most challenging?
People that set their cell phone ring tone to sound like a house phone
Hope meet gets cancelld #praying because my growing is kill
I really want to do the boyfriend tag. ._. Step one, find boyfriend. LOL.
Overheard: "Hi Mercedes, I have a Mercedes. It's a money hog, are you a money hog too?"
I think the spot is on Commerce between Pratt and Lombard, the 100 block near the corner. No clue about a sign.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. --Benjamin Franklin
since ur a dad of 4 maybe u could give some advice on how 2 entertain a 2yr old.
SO HOOKED ON INSTAGRAM!! AH!! Find me. instajoshmadson
I feel like not having exams until mid-week is like having a bye in the playoffs. You dont know the atmosphere or how prepared you are.
it's amazing 70 everyday this week :) when are you coming to visit
Seems like half my San Diego Twitter buds are going to the TOTEM show tonight. See you all there !
It is indeed Piney from RSN and of course you are CTLovestheSox. :)
No school for me today .
Hope you manage to get out soon!
The only crew that I think I might like this season is Mos Wanted Crew and possibly RNG
Hey guys, we sent over a special delivery (Beta) via e-mail. Let us know if you received it.
Lake Placid tomorrow
where in Ky? If Louisville, check out the Ali museum
This series is both awesome & agonizing! Back-and-forth-&-back-and-forth!
where's the daiquiris video in the back of the mini coop!? :) Great sharing a boozy nola post moment w u! You were great!
RT : Where Are All The Upcoming East Coast MCs ?!!!
The music was tight back then too. That's probably the only decade id travel back too
Bye bye Pittsburgh.. bye bye Asham d-bag
I wanna lick those body of austin. hahahah
doesn't really like sluts and finally deleted tila tequila.
Got offered the job at Staples! Will be beginning paperwork and schedule on Monday. Swizz!
She's front and off to the right.
- "Concept of privacy will go away whether we like it or not."
Ur only talkin to me cus u and ur Man beefin again...but yeah u can lick All ova me watever that means..
In a bar and woman just asked bartender if there was a pay phone around. I just landed in 1974.
Last night to party before Spring Break ends!
ok hommie well I have studio time booked Monday and Tuesday let me know what's goodie
I Google your name and your FB picture is you white girl wasted in a zebra print shirt..? I'll make my own clip-ins, thanks. *embarrassing*
I know how film shit works & I can guarantee you there's no way an extra who isn't a member of SAG made 2G's a week for a month.
This fellow journalist cheered when you stuck to the facts tonight."Keeping them honest" isn't a catchphrase, it's our job.
found someone to sew the hem tags on! and the Art Star Craft Bazaar is only 9 days away.
What ever happened to the Jonas Brothers? Are they married now or gay or wtf is going on with them?
Mr. Quinn is officially here!!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 114
Did you go to yet? you all need to go there too.
"You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face. 
Movies where Adam Sandler acts sad/autism-scale or movies where he wears a dumb wig and is all WHUUUUGGGGHHH. There are no other choices.
Lab orientation at UCLA.
um so were just chillin at Tier last night... #nbd !!!
First time event with this buyin, 225 O/U?
RT : The Dewey Decimators didn't win at Trivia last night, and I think it was mostly due to not being in...
Your fat ass is one to speak,your just a secret fan posing as a hater! Sweating thats y u on her TL
PN allergic DD found a trail mix wrapper on the playground. Litterbugs are a double threat.
yea I been back for sum months now
we crawled from austin to kedzie. Usually we just crawl from cicero to pulaski. Is that whole stretch a show zone now?
TeAmo Matt Hunter:)
Of course my husband is insane and thinks he is going to go judge beer two days in a row this Friday and Saturday.
I knoww :3 They are kick butt!
NRA Convention this week: signing books, singing the National Anthem, and performing at various sanctioned events... I love my job!
that was a very poorly written article from a generic newspaper in bumblefuck, GA. not representative of ACTUAL fans in ATL
When the kids are out on their bikes, the sound of cars passing on the road becomes so threatening.
Hey #ATL friends! I'm looking for a photographer for an event this weekend. Know anybody? Please @ or DM me with any suggestions. Thanks!
Thanks for mention! :)
You have to check out by 11am or else it charges you for the next day.
People who like that are why the Kardashians are famous.
Problems with registries "Do we really want this stuff controlled by people who run the IRS?"
Why don't you buy some originality?
On vacation. be back soon.
Girl girl girl, the rosemary powder will change your life.
you know there is an app for that! :)
i sent you a request :)
It's funny how ur such a fucking slut and u find that acceptable
has pretty hair. :D
The internet is a strange and amazing place. is live tweeting
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence. Plato
He's just a friend
Thanksgiving in less than two weeks away, can't wait for all the deals
Act Naturally's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald will be on Thurs. Nov 3rd @ 10pm. Peter Berg is the shit! But his shows never stink!
Can anyone think of a venue in Vegas that can hold 100-200 people doing Yoga?
pretty good. Enjoying it. Howve you been?
For #sm data, analyze what you need to know and what is action that you care about
The White Sox are wearing red not black today. Guess we should be happy they're wearing sox at all.
Good to see you #CentralWaters #taptakeover last night. Sorry I couldn't have a drink with you. Another time?
6 more months :)
Touch a girls heart, NOT her body! Take away her attention, NOT her virginity! Make a girl laugh, NOT cry! And I promise she will love you!!
#NatGas Revolution "Exciting," says commentator "You can have all this money pouring into #WV economy." goo.gl/v2YkD
It's hard to be friends with exes on Facebook. Sometimes it's too much information both ways...
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa -Friday Special. Call NOW
RT Cheers to awesome #wine tweeps!
haha as long as I'm prettier!
Wow this game is a constant sprint! Wish I was in St. Louis to see it live.
a fair cop. though my parents are the only AZ retirees with a picture of the Obama family on their fridge.
this is a good thing?
Thank you!! *opening the bottle now*
I think I'll be hooking up my SNES and 64 later this week, and then go to play n trade and see if there are any games I can buy.
I've seen enough ugliness to last a lifetime - from now on, I will live a life of servitude - - - dedicated to absolute beauty...
Got hella numbers in my Dm...but not hitting up anyone cuz I only want u :-)
Having a very difficult time listening to a speaker with really annoying speech patterns.... "right?" "right?" "right?" omg.
Appreciate this contact, I'm sure it will help! Thanks=)
if you are in need of an accounting or tax firm for youself or for your family we are here to help out. call us at 718-378-2610
Does Twitter no longer let you edit RTs? TweetDeck still does, but I'm getting no love from the main website.
us too:)
This better be the "Annexation of Puerto Rico", Thibs.
Ready for dinner? Let us cook for you tonite. Sunday you can do the cooking.
Where is everyone watching the game tonight? #SF #happyhour :-)
#sincewebeinghonest UCONN is going to beat Butler!!! GO #UCONN !!!!!!!
I'm pretty excited!
" follows you" oh yeahh *pimp walk while trying not to fangirl*
Pigeon Forge
Psycho Bunny Knits & Cole Haan Shoes Trunk Shows, Saturday
The FW has it right: "if what jessica chastain says is true, I hope I never meet terrence malick."
Mention Friday the 13th tomorrow for a good luck $8 64oz growler refill.
Santorum... Peace, douche!
but the better question is, is ?
I have went through this atleast 20 times since January smh
"Sports Night" may seriously be the best show in the history of primetime television. Okay not really, but how did this only last 2 seasons?
want those chores done? Lol
About to take me a shower and go to bed.
Thanks for doing your part
thats awesome!! enter into the laugh contest with me. i just entered and im starting the annoyingness.
is running to rehearsal.
These SVU marathons are so hard to ignore LOL
We're trying to get in touch with you re: summer newsletter please call us ASAP 973 643 1625
Ahh both kids are napping. I am eating my delicious leftovers! Life is good!
how's everyone? it's not like you guys are actually gonna reply..
so that's what's going on in #redsquare ...
Look for the sun in Sunday and bask in both the earthly rays of divine rays of light available to all people on this lovely earth plane.
Happy birthday hunnie!
Looking for fresh new articles for TriSoc. email me if you write and want to get your stuff out there:
Beating balls at the range= playing scales and arpeggios
Nerd alert!
That's All I Really Wanna Do >> hugging and never let go ! 
absolutely. the money is worthless, if the time you spend making it is overwhelmingly stressful.
That was fun. Welcome to Lexington and #BBN I see nothing but big things.
Tip #2: Kindle Books for Libraries: Read on your Kindle App using "Deliver to:" and selecting App from your Amazon Account.
Ah!A day without internet sucks.../:
Beez in the trap
I will be sure to right now! www.facebook.com/pages/Hair-by-Ashlei-Tabor like me on FB
what a beautiful day
power caps & NO2. I'll email you.
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soup of the day are butternut squash and potato leek. Sugar free lemonade is blueberry mint.
Friends' Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Should be delicious as long as I can stay awake til 7pm.
Hope you didn't miss out on Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Wiz Khalifa and hologram Tupac at Coachella. They put on a show!
haha as always <3 and not to forget funny
Dallas!!! Check us out at the Dub Show Tour! We are in your city May 20th!!!
Take your time.. Just tell me what you want.
You know your baby is tired when you walk two miles and he's still awake...its gonna be a long night
#Obama draws 14,000 supporters to Columbus, OH arena today. Anybody think #Romney can pull 1400? Mitt's rally's have been poorly attended.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 2
Okay, good to know it's not a totally wacky question. I'm with you re: college.
The economic crisis is affecting so many of us in so many negative ways. The acting CFO of Freddie Mac has committed suicide. So sad.
It was through ActBlue though.
Sorry I didn't find you again Thurs evening to meet your brother! Was wonderful to meet you, a highlight for me. You rock.
You only get so much time to live, so enjoy every moment (a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
THANK YOU DOLPHINS ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!
Oh no... Maybe I'm late to the info but I just saw a poster for "American Pie Reunion."
: did anyone give you a pinterest invite yet? or does no one love you enough? You are cruel and highly unusual.
lmfaooo your a retard
Protesters now leaving Pioneer Place
Farrell's Bar in Brooklyn had urinals so large they looked like shower stalls for Toulouse-Lautrec. - Joe Flaherty
Nice job there. Why is Nate hitting here?
that's not you
If I could offer one piece of advice to business owners it would be to have some integrity. Follow through with your promises.
Happy #ThankfulThursday! Take a moment to enjoy that you are "Open for Business".
Q. Why don't women wear watches? A. There's a clock on the stove!
lol true pixel mastery is when the client doesn't complain
I know! Super excited! (:
(: awhh that is awesome!
Got your record on repeat all day. So good.
Where was the last place you spotted the van?
did he say that in a video?! Lol
she used that shit monday night.
: Apple didn't make the decisions that would've helped me obtain an iPad;
interesting! I love it
Thank you so much to the man in ATL who saw my phone slip out of my pocket and got it back to me!
Why don't we make fun of people's voices more often?
This 27-page multimedia ebook includes how-to videos, external resources, and instructional text on:
. I'm laying on the floor...........now you know damn well that you don't give a shit.
Get your pet fixed the low-cost way! The Spay Neuter Clinic offers a variety of pet services at affordable prices. Spaying or neutering...
HAPPY SUNDAY!=D
I feel you. Takin care of 3 drunkies tonight. Lol still happening!!!
HathiTrust is a rockstar as far as I'm concerned!
Just moved the ceremonial mace out of the rare bk rm for commencement. Congrats WM law grads!
So done with this class. It's about that time.
It means a lot more than you think. I'm just tryna be at least half the leader you are!
56 Days 10 Hours 28 Minutes until Techweek 2012 Conference+Expo... where does the time go?!
Pasty white skin u used to be coal.
hey alex! Its 4pm here haha 
I am ready to start heading home!! Ugh So bored
NO IM IMPRESSED!!!!!
: Every blessing, when ignored, becomes a curse #Brida Soo true. I need to read that book.
dinner was delish
i'm over these playoff refs.
i wanna dance x)
"Buffalo" refers to the city in New York, which also denotes the nationality (adjective) of the "buffalo", the animals (noun).
32 days until Believe. ah. time is going by slow.
He's all happy 'cause his arm is clear &&' in the open haha . Wow
This week: travel by air w/o paper, 1/2 day on #drupal, in person, , on CSS3. Impetuous. Homeric.
but not impossible
A gentleman asks of himself, the small man asks of others. -Confucius
dammit your kid is like three days old and you haven't sent a photo yet. What, are you busy or something?
Im happy for yall NYC Mahomies & everything.. but there's other states out there too. He shouldnt just go to the same state all the time ..
Social media packages for independent artist F.A.M.E inc will get the real followers you need no fake numbers
"Change your thoughts & you change your world.". -Norman Vincent Peale
Happy #mm to everyone!! What's on your playlist?
send a direct message why u should win a autograph. that easy
Im ready to go back my library and poop rainbow
Going to take my written test
Congratulations on your Canada launch!
haha I'm glad it did (:
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it. Snow, C. P.
Wishing the best to all our followers who have been affected by
sorry for the late, well like 38434633 day late response but he said no :(
Tomorrow night i'll be spinning w ! It's gonna be crazy
Happy St Pattys Day!
Richard Edwards (): workshop = ouvroir: 1. are rooms in convents; 2. charitable institution; 3. sewing circle
I like jj reddick cause ima duke fan but he can cut this shit out against miami
no u not im happy as hell
Just heard "Karoke" where's ?
"People are strange when you're a stranger, faces look ugly when you're alone."
So proud of our chef for the Beard win for A New Turn In the South. Way to go!
Love this.
Today in Literary History: Author Charles Dickens was born in Portsmouth, England in 1812.
Thanks! I'm super excited to shoot Mifflin again
STAY LAUGHING AT THESE DUCK ASS HOES!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so high.
RT : who was the best basketball player to never play in the NBA... Easy Sherman White the man had it all (Raymond Lewis)
Yeah there's not much I can do anymore cause it makes me so angry and I don't need the stress lol
#i hope one day to all the ppl i didnt like for no reason can forgive me:\~*~
#ItsSadThat #ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs can trend and we still can't experience love after "knowing" all of the problems
hung on hooks like pigs to the slaughter
My wife tricked me into watching "A Walk to Remember" by starting it when she knew I was on my way home. These fools better bang it out.
You are the only one I know that gets excited about his classes...
FINALLY, time to relax & sleep!! Better believe tomorrow I plan on sleeping in! Queen style, flanked by pillows.
hi! miss u! what have you been up to?
Scouting event locations today for The Big Green - sustainable music festival.
#TheThingsIHateMost Musicians. Especially lead singers of pop bands. Total pricks.
I'm having a yard sell tomorrow. Get at me for details.
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall.
My prayers & condolences go to and his family.
that tweet was white
Publishers prefer Word 2004? Wow! I would have thought the XML-based document format would appeal to them.
lebron an I justus landed in LA. Let's go heat
Just ate yummy breakfast Best cinnamon toast ever!
as a Central NY native, I recommend you grab lunch at Dinosaur BBQ. #1 BBQ in America
If you do not have a Visa, a Green Card or citizenship in the US and are currently living in the country, you are subject to deportation
Actually, naww. I  U twitter.
You seem to be very intelligent and I like that you are outspoken. I hope that you keep in touch! All love Avvalanche.
Bout to get sandusky'd by this final.
See y'all there!
thank goodness!!
About to implement a strategy I learned from Special Ops session at #blend12: let students brainstorm answers to final essay b4 writing it
Metallic mannequins came alive today
Up Next: Panel on diversity issues in crisis comms!
a big thank you to Eternal Ink for the sponsorship! Proud to be part of the elite. Follow me
any stops in the Philly area???
I'll engineer for you. What I gotta do.
And it's not mean. Just an observation. Incorrect yolo usage.
yeah and you said u didnt want to follow me cause i wouldnt have good tweets...
im tired. in both ways.
Check it out! MT : If you're at #SXSW, watch our CTO speak at 2 pm at Lean Startup panel. Salon C, downtown Hilton.
Looks like I have to write my name on all my shit damn 
If worked at McDonald's, he'd be like "We talking 'bout fries! Not a burger, not a burger, not a burger...
Ain't the beer cold! Go O's!
My sleeping habits are such a problem. WIDE AWAKE.
Hope everyone is thanking their dads for getting down with mom today!
Schulist and Chris Roberts and I were rocking 'em all night at Cactus. Ricky the Drugs Dragons Steamboat, Randy Savage Garden...
Sanctify Them By YOUR Truth Father, YOUR Word Is Truth! John 17:17. Jesus IS The Word. John 1:1. Read The Leather Bound Book. It Sanctifies!
Follow back
I missed the first 20 min of TVD 2day Ugh Know have to wait utill 2morrow to see it from the start LOVE TVD
haha it's fine thanks and followed (:
The 9 May of 2012 A person followed me :) thanks :) I love you so much :D
Bye-bye computer and smartphone. I shall think of you fondly from the African Bush. Next stop, Senegal.
Love your blue top and your jacket. Have a great weekend. Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather!
bigger jew
#Knicks fans shower Jeremy Lin with MVP chants p
I waited on the bourbon and eggnog cafe but I am having me some tonight. Hope you are well I miss talking to you on Twitter
boom! I'm there in my underwear ;) mwahahahahah
so jealous of anyone that gets to see silversun pickups () around san diego today.
Hasta La vista, TJ! He goes yard for the 2nd time in the series. Panthers up 8-5
cedar lake?
MT : Our Teaching & Education Career Fair runs from 12-3 PM Thu. Apr. 5 at PPG Alumni Center. RedID required for attendance!
we do our best, but there are certainly some of those
"He doesn't speak much, but when he does, it is transcendent." RT : Bleh.
You know your room is tiny when you can almost reach everything from your twin bed in the corner.
Palo Alto next-gen firewall stacks up well
Hockey rivalries are the best simply because the teams can beat each other's faces in.
you disappoint me. I thought neocons were the ones that twisted truth to suit their agendas.
Since the mind and body are connected, you use an amazing amount of muscles when you laugh."
All these fairy tales are full of shit.
Mickey Perry?
lol, alright text me.
You just don't know how much I love that blue bear!
#truthis it takes A LOT to get me angry but watch out when you do.. Because I WILL be on my A game.. And I will do what it takes!
Twitter team strategy: need guidelines, a plan, schedules for monitoring, content strategy and coverage assignments
My nephew just fell off the couch. Ahaha xD
People piss me off
RIP MCA. How very sad.
Tres Leche Cake. HIGHLY recommend it.
I am totally secure with my above average size penis....
go 2 youtube JULOX featuring YOUNG BLEED "PLATNUM WRAP"
stop complaining. (thanks for tweeting)
Anyone have suggestions for #android tablet ideally with ice cream sandwich.
Never explain yourself. Your friends don't need it, and your enemies won't believe it.
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
I agree
I was starting to think I was the only one. :)
As in, they're big Penn fans. That sounded bad.
Outside of the big guy, some amazing EU folks out doing their thang.
SF Bay Area Branding and Web Design Firm, Project6 Design, Features Case Study For Cal Maritimes Award-Winning Website
Whoever is street racing outside my house, you're annoying. Stop.
merry christmas to you to
cuz i do not want to go down stairs
RT : In all seriousness, it's nice to see Madonna's mom in the spotlight.
the fast red fox jumped over the boring dog.
Just a country ass boy from scotland neck nc that's trying to put on for the state of NC!
noelle, you don't even care. It's our thing(;
lol if u say so
libraries and keeping up with social tech- challenging but every step can help
New Web Site For GaLuWi is about to launched. It is headed to the Launch Pad............Get Ready. The Count Down Has Begun!
Please let me be an extra!
it's cool just let me know
Thanks for the follow, you gave and I wistful pause this morning. "Let it Grow!"
Chickie and Pete's tomorrow! Then the #phillies game.
Anyone who is a director, producer, screenwriter looking for actors I'm available. I'm highly trained resume ready if you want one ;)
Idc what anyone yes.. Adele never gets old. <3
the state :)
Don't tell me to do something, & then get mad when I do.
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
Keep your Weather Radios on tonight... there's a good chance they'll be going off during the early am. (Rats, I was hoping for sleep)
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! E
I've been training all week.
Fresh outside.. cryin inside!!! ugh.. I need some #youC1000 I guess
I nominate for #poetry #author because of his talented wordsmithery and outreach to
love the pics! Love my little Libertini!
you should go become an Abercrombie&Fitch model :)
Hey, I'm doing that too!
Who wants to ride to the gas station with me I hate pumping my own gas lbvs
Big day today. 'Canes softball, Mother/Daughter game, and then O's Magic with Kaylee tonight.
Looking forward to the first Google+ hangout!
RT Need an article idea? Take a 5 minute walk. Look around - you'll see article ideas are everywhere waiting to be noticed.
Did Twitter disable the ability to copy/paste links from tweets from their site?
Baking today's cookies with extra love. Have an awesome and merry day everybody!
Prudence is an attitude that keeps life safe, but does not often make it happy.
it is worth a thousand words
About to work on this golf swing
Young & Reckless. I'm bout that life.
hungry...big time hungry!
haha right....you like him more than that obviously. words cant even describe
Red Sox Game tonight with <3
i just add all my followers still Love all you add me more and ill post more pic's ;D
She did it her way.
should hook it up wit those other maps for black ops? haha
Wow! Haven't felt a quake that strong since being a kid in Cali! Definitely shook the buildings in #KendallSquare (Boston).
I have no clue. My parents pay the bill.
Haha story of my life. But we have tutorials so ima just study then
42? It makes sense. They are the answer.
"Train Wreck" is being released to Canadian radio today. A song about a very bad date...just in time for Valentines Day!
Accept the Challenge.\,So that you may feel the EXHILARATION of VICTORY!!
What film are you watching?
The mark of true #leader is not how well they can share their successes with others, but how transparent they can be about their failures.
#BeloitTeamBullying I'm filing a grievance & think should do the same
A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
RT : Right. What's on the screen can stimulate or provide background.
watching the santa clause :)
RT : Awesome tweets to
Qualified teachers need to demand professional respect. Administrators need to listen to teacher's ideas and implement them.
Looking forward to another amazing show from you guys! Keep it up!
Shawn Secetaro-Dine' educator from Canyoncito rez-- we are the "invisible" people of Bernalillo Co
Feeling good feeling blessed!!! Happy Sunday yall
When you do good deeds on earth . You will get good deeds in heaven.
That is my girl right there! My ride or die :). Can't wait to meet you too.
Today's Question: The name of which Pudding literally means Burnt Cream?
#saa11 got me re-thinking social media efforts... if anyone out there is willing to share ideas, success stories, etc. dm me!
kinda bummed right now.
My Pleasure! I like to spread Good News :+D Funny thing, just drove by it yesterday & thought it looked so charming!
Congrats Tommy..looks like a good film!
#RejectedPickupLines is that your finger or mine?
even small inst like +powerful than indiv ppl. "carry a big stick!" says ; "some ppl don't even have sticks!" is reply.
hey Tia pls tell Britney she needs a twitter account. So her fans can stay in touch with her.
Fabolous "The Soul Tape"
370-participant card sort done. I've already noticed different search behaviors among diff user groups.
Student tech knowledge may look good but tech competence test much lower in readiness assessment.
Metallica concert tickets go on sale in 19 cities this Saturday
Haha, so i've been told! :) Did you see the last harry potter?
Thank God. Don't go crazy on me, yo.
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
Do you check to make sure your PC Repair person is insured, licensed, and vetted? Protect yourself, protect your home, protect your biz.
Its crazy to think that people you've known your whole life can believe a bonafide stranger over you..SMH Manipulation is an MFer
Sweet! Thanks for sharing ;)
- get weird creep
like always I woke up late.
Titanic in 3D in theaters. Does that mean theaters will have employees throwing ice cubes at people?
RIP Steve Jobs
hello! Ive missed you too!
Stamp Out Hunger is 5/12. Put canned food items in bag, leave by your mailbox for letter carrier to pick up, deliver to food bank.
I wanna watch! >.>
I actually feel guilty that I've never made a bucket list and have decided to just go with the flow instead.
magic, no just wrong place, wrong time
Referred to as Border Crossing Card Violator these individuals enter the United States migrate via illegal entry
Feeling slightly more magical than before. Forward!
Working on some great things. Get ready :-)
Finna smoke this kush to mad
Me too. I'll be at plenty more.
#randomfact about me I am named after La Bella :) I luv my Italian name!
you're so sweet :). Show your friends!!
our followers are gold! mine on!
The movie, Battleship, looks boss!
dont let this fag hag or lame dame flame or whatever her formally fat ass is talk about our dave! Fat girls rule....buffet
Didn't feel like going out for 3 miles today; thankfully invited me out. Taft came along too. He went faster than us
check out 2night for the WOD awards after party! hit up fot more info! and get on the list! ASAP!
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. - George Carlin
Not all great things come in big boxes. Maybe choosing the smaller package will be the greatest thing in the world <3
cheers for the #ff! Have a good weekend!
I'm impressed. If you have a friend or spouse who let's you know that your breath is foul, TheraBreath is workin' for me!
I can officially say that a weekend with no plans is the best thing ever.
miss u too!
don't ever dare to talk with me!
Go ahead and mail me one of those so I can give it a listen to make sure they pressed it properly.
trying to skype with my grandpa is such a struggle. lol
Jets Sign Matt Simms to Free-Agent Deal After Mini-Camp Tryout - BusinessWeek
Wow it's been a hot minute, been busy and that's always good! How are all my tweeps feeling this Valentines day?
I Like Dahh New
Yeah, the Pro Bowl might not be the same as it once was, but it could still be preserved. Hope the NFLPA makes the changes they need.
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible.
looks like it's working. Best way to beat Brady.
Thoughts and prayers with family of Dick Powell.
We have AT&T prvt and VZW from dayjob - VZW seems more coverage in smaller IN towns. Just like rollover minutes from ATT lots
You will not want to miss the beginning of worship today at !!
only wrangled a pathetic 98 words in the last two hours. Yeah, writing is *so* glamourous...lol. Finished dinner, #amwriting again.
One of my fav films of all time is Star Wars. My mom made Leia's white outfit out of a sheet & I wore it every day after school. Don't judge
Having you in my life has been more tears then smiles :( yet I don't have the courage to tell you to back off!!!.
don't take it
"you know what your problem is, Estes?" "I love too much, 1sg?"
Wouldn't mind seeing a goal scored at this
Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great.  Ralph Waldo Emerson
Staticky pants. All up in my bizness.
Tip for educators re media: Sometimes leaking to a blogger can be more effective than trad. media.
I love when Alex says goodnight, then tweets again!<3 haha
You Greek,Michelle?
Ordering my free credit reports....SMH!
That mother fucker!!
Uh oh
Yeah, it was actually a legitimate question, but said it was because Tonto wasn't a Ranger. Makes sense
#AGREED. Couldnt happen sooner...
87% of #students want to do their best in school. How can you help your students fulfill their greatest potentials?
Im always afraid of failing. Its great motivation to work harder. - Mark Cuban, Co-Founder of HDNet
We all are though. Don't be too hard on yourself.
Well of course they'd love to win. But winning would be an added bonus. They don't set themselves up to win, LT or short-term
A healthy #mouth can promote a healthy body! For fresh breath + great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
ill wash dishes if it means retiring my uggs
And You're a freak creeping behind me asshole.
thx to u!
- Happy Easter/Passover to you Ryan. Wish you were here with me. My heart feels what it feels. :-)
Or hidden within a gnarly beard?
oh, i see more trips in the future. :-)
this project. <<<<
Man might have to hunt down a few #mxpx cds
Thanks for a very informative event! Glad housing has such strong advocates.
Done working for 2011. What a great year.
Yo I miss Sprite Remix
thanks John. Happy Saturday to you.
Good Morning everyone. Well, my three hours of sleep are up, now off for another long day of getting some things done. Have a great day <3
#HealthTip : The American Heart Association recommends eating Vitamin E rich foods to reduce the chances of developing heart disease.
Dammit, I want a Mulligan!
Are we not following you and you think we should be? Tell us why!
It sucks that all those negatives sayings about Oakland get reinforced today. I just feel for those who are affected by this shooting today
has been ranked #1 for owner loyalty!!! Retweet if you're a ford fan! What Ford vehicle(s) do you own? We'd love to see photos too!
HI i just ant to let you know that ur my idol and i just got into a huge fight with my sister to get your poster well three. C:
Manic Panic!
You too.
Sounds like you're adding something to the Constitution that's not there. I think I've heard you criticize judges for that.
Just made something really beautiful. Thank you , , , & for playing music w/ me!
yeah come by. I work till 4:30pm tomorrow
lol the curse of the cornrows!! oh shit
You're so right. Awesome.
Hi Anais! If you have any questions about our reports (or what tweets we can access), please let me know. Thanks!
Oh , all I needed was to download a damn client. Then you made me fill out a huge annoying "account creation" form. Now I hate you.
I think this counts as evidence that they deserved it. No jury would convict you.
well i'm 5 foot..
The summer is almost over: Black Belt Bachelor turns its focus from #dating to professional #success and building social affluence.
yes indeed!
I think it would be better if the Suns started Childress instead of Brown.
midterm week. blegh. thank god for starbucks :)
another day another dollar...
Good luck doing whatever you're doing!
I have less than 24 hours to study a years worth of AP Government content. Let's go!
ugh...Pinterest off the bat...i'm going to get something to drink..
It takes time to get to know Sj. Just give him a chance.
If Sshe Really Wanna Hoe For Ah Plaaya She Gone Hit My Line#
EXCELLENT rationalization! Thanks!
&#39;Chinplant&#39; is the latest prom night must for U.S teenagers
we hope you like it mizz Famous!
You know how sometimes old people will randomly click around and accidentally delete stuff and have no idea what happened? I just did that.
what's up? Haha long time no talk :p
ima strangle her
Happy Birthday <3 We love you no matter what!!!! -ICONiacz in Chicago!!!
take me
I'm Glad to Say that I've Laughed at least Once Every Day of My Life:)
2104- Your really pretty,nice & sweet. We should talk more(:
My brain will be working for the next 43 hours, then off for a while
what are u doing in SA? Any events that i could attend to get your John Hancock! :)
THank you, Richard! You rock :D
Happy thanksgiving to all :)
RT : When I grow up, I wanna be Kate Beckinsale. She's flawless in anything, including tonight.
what happened?? I mean u dnt have 2 tell me if it's personal if u dnt want to. *Bretana*
starting the show in one minute.. happy friday!
Funky Promotion's next show 11/30 Southgate House Newport, Kentucky ... Playing with a live drummer!
go play minecraft trader
I like the banana Rama but do you wanna hear a calculus joke?
Harris constables rake in thousands with eviction fees - Houston Chronicle
Going to LA tomorrow! :-) Remember to watch Steph and I on Jimmy Kimmel July 22nd!
Where's my coffee this morning? c|_| dang, it's empty.
- just saw you all over American Idol tonight! Amazing job! So much fun!
Make two nights a week technology-free.
Tommorow is friday so that means less workout at track practice today and then tommorow track will end wohhooooo
Going downtown?? Stop in and see us open till 9!! We have what you need! :D
If your not involved in the situation, then stay our of it. Its that simple. Mind your own business.
is not my friend , thats my BROTHER ,we gon be on our double dragon shit with this music. So a early sorry to wack rappers
ha! we went down to the busway after that and we took some photos.
I won't make it this time
the Bengal house!
yes!! Special for Valentines Day. I hit the day after sales and grabbed em up.
Assassin. RT : Feeling ready.
Watching conversation but on the road. Know there has been discussion, can't put finger on it right now
The first #ResidentEvil movie is by far the best.
I saw that same thing on Dimond!!!!! Bummed I already bought all the Mothers Day things cause those are pretty!!
Went to car show today. Most new cars suck. Horrible blind spots, uncomfortable seats, no head room, and no fricken cup holders.
Ah, so SourceTree could set GIT_CONFIG but you'd still need to include the non-conflicting values. Unfortunate.
Congrats, Ang! RT Proud to be a zenoid! RT : Midsize Agency of the Year is !
I read that and it blew me away. I'm constantly quoting it to people.
Mike McLennan announced hubzero v1 release at this workshop; George Adams begins roadmap for the future development
You know what's fun? Not watching the NBA.
Can't DM you for some reason, but it went well! We're featuring timely content - many more opportunities coming up! :)
Staging a twitter fight with
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear you ARE the father!
fasho ima do the other one today
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank. ~ Woody Allen
COMPROMiSE..EVRYTHiNG YOU AiNT GONE ALWAYS LiKE ABOUT SOMEBODY YOU LOVE...
"You were really classy falling face down outside of N's." Oh, you're pressed? Stay pressed.
No love for at the nose?!? Most underrated player in the league! Hope he gets paid in the off-season.
(I didn't mean to thank goodness like that, but hey, why not. Thank you, goodness!)
Of corse birthday cake comes right on when i get to school.
Every time I head to Georgetown I get stuck between a parade of trains. Time to catch up on Twitter.
Oh no, I think I'm getting sick :(
You're alone in EVERY picture?!? No friends huh! Ouchie!
COME CHECK ME OUT THIS THURSDAY!!!IM PERFORMING LIVE AT CLUB RED WITH JUICY J!!!!
Don't say I don't care -.-
Congrats on the new website design! Looks great!
we're right next to the federal building and wells fargo tower
I'm outta here my peeps. Going to play my guitar.
Hahaha that and some buffalo wings ": LMAO! you should do it over easy, resembles more of their cousins!"
Yes sir C.J. Watson in my Bishop Revie Rev voice!!!
Life without love is a shadow of things that might be.
No i dont like you no more. just like a friend.
Follow Chair of who is the epitome of giving selflessly to progress the common good!
DON'T Foreget on Cain's999 the people on fixed income SS the 9% + State Sales Tax we will pay tax we don't have income
I realize the Seattle cyclist culture is unique and hardy, but I question the judgement of those that commute on hard rain days. Dangerous.
My Family doesn't love me I haven't eaten since like 3, YET I get home from practice and their fa asses didn't leave me anything -.-
Yeah...would have thought that store a winner for them. Ergo, perhaps mall is driving this...
I just want to go back to when things weren't so complicated..
Recent user feedback has alerted us to the unacceptable ads on our site. Until we have a solution for this, enjoy an ad-free WebCamWindow.
Have you ever seen anyone run with their arms up by their chest like a T-rex?
Watch out, , I'm teaching Brazilian music today.
Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials. Did 4, got too busy.
Niggaz Could Rhyme, But Ya Only Lack Originality. Keep COPYin Niggaz Style See How Far It Gets Ya..
Looking at all these prom pictures get me all excited for next years prom !
idk I was just laughing cus u guys r dumb and I couldn't take you seriously with your mask omg
Thanks for the mention!
"Hey i just met you , & this is crazy , but here's my number , so call me maybe?"
hahaha thanks :) lol no I need one. I look like Justin bieber now.
But you learned something, right? That's how I've learned everything I know - by banging my head on a desk. :)
thanks for the mention!
I've been a few times. It's OK. I don't mean to hate. I'm all about supporting Austin biz as much as possible.
im going to have to disagree with that
I'm always making dinner for my dad 
Wow, incredible. Come run into me in Minneapolis sometime, y'hear?
I thank you and the men of thank you. A very special evening.
#SloPigMke was fantastic! A great follow-up to the Stillwaters Hospital Food Fight earlier today! Well done everyone! Milwaukee rocks!
Off this morning to meet Mike from , Check out the beautiful custom porches and homes this company does!
Upper 70's and sunny? Seems like the perfect combination for a homemade #icecream sandwich from Sebastian Joe's!
let me know u guys land safe See yall in the am. Holla
I'm a fan of blue monk and coles. great bars. Was at Jack Astors last night with Nugget infused with nugget hops from the brewery
Fuuuuu. Im bored. I want my car.
Gearing up for a busy week here at #BlueRock #Studios for projects with #WebMD and #Landings international.
haha love you girlie :) I'm so looking forward to this Summer!
Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs helps homeless families with children. Join The $1 Million Facebook Experiment and donate
I just became a fan 3 days ago :) -Maria
what was it a picture of
1 week to #runcolfax! Join us for an epic race! 91 Charity Partners, 5 events, a mile high!
you're deffinatly my favorite youtube star. (: are you gunna become famous? or... cause you need to.
LOVED reading your tweets from the #SHRM11 exhibit floor. cooking tips from are always glorious! So great to see you!
posing with a fan Is that guy in the back w/ Nike ready to confiscate that girl's Iphone?
Just got off my time machine
ya well after you made use an hour late.... It was my perogative to tease you. :)
LOL! Maybe a little modification is needed? Have a great day!
RT : Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas .. STOP .. Now Make Them Muthafuckin Prices Drop!
...i'll just be thinking about it more then :)
Yes sir i fucks witchu.. me n my patnah got a businiess going my nigga if you can fuck wit me. you know quabo already its olnly like 5 o ...
With some work defensively, Mays could fill the void left by Lamb pretty nicely.
i wonder if she got that DM.
I do however have grape soda and it's MAJOR
I Don't Know. Maybe Close the Door?
Took a shower got dressed and walked outside for the first time today and all I could think and feel is damn it feels good to be a gangster
Im sorry to say it but the knicks are not about to win in miami ijs..
And the next year: Jews in Germany Mark First Free Purim Since Liberation at Series of Festivities (1946) via
Headed to 24 hour fitness now...
Yuengling and metal.
love you.
Thanks. It's going to be a very casual trip. 2 parks. House of Blues. Pool Time. Quick Trip.
We're in Hingham tonight for a "Boston: Inspirational Women" signing at Zona. Stop by. Or, get a copy at Social Graces. Makes a great gift!
- I called Tuesday, your VM was full. Sunday boating day inivte, today not biz call. Enjoy the sun.
Never needed a tab so bad in my life #amialbino?
Oh shit is 11:20 better go to sleep
RT #RETWEET if you love TITTIES (  Y  ) ... saw this and immediately thought of you lmao
or Panic its alec
So much for cooking while the husband is away. Dinner = pretzels, fig spread, cheese, and wine.
did you buy it frozen or already thawed out?
do you know if they will have it back up in time?
Now to be clear, I was only suggesting chocolate shaped taco's.
Can u send me ur advising questions for non-traditional students?
thanks for following, I'm following YOU closely
"The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him." - Pascal
Rambo is moving to LA! #AprilFools .... or is it?
Anyone else having problems with Twitter in Firefox? I can see my account but not post. Had to go back to Safari ever since the DOS incident
This summer >>>
Thanks for my science scholarship honoring alum/astronaut Judith Resnik, who died in Challenger explosion 25 yrs ago today.
dosent work out at all he just pretends at the gym
Safe travels! Was a real pleasure wking w/ you at last week!
lol.. run now:P~
I've been working on a lot of new raw beats
so fun! I'm jealous.
#wvu officially to the Big 12! Yee-haw!! *begins firing six shooters into the air*
Dam!!! got me hungry now talking abt waffle house and shit!
If I saw a shirt online for 35$ I would be like oh shit that's cheep but if it was at the store I would be like oh shit thats expensive.
hey! just voted for your sobrinita. she's so adorable! (:
Just watched a video via about Creative Agency. LOVE their philosophies and the way their company is run.
Seen any inspiring UI/UX you can pass along?
Wishing everyone a terrific Thursday!
Lots of questions on Juan Mata and Arsenal. The interest is genuine but I think it depends on other deals. Don't know if it will happen.
I agree.
Definitely not! I've been sitting around wanting to go do something with you and then i realize that you are 3-4 hours away. >.<
Finished a food photo shoot! Photos turned out great and the food tasted amazing!
always have 3 tabs open: twitter, facebook, and youtube.
Dear BSU Internet, feel free to stop being so shitty any day now...
now that is a way to start off game
<--- NOT FROM CHARLOTTE.
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
The States miss you! Your voice is so positively enchanting; I and many await your next visit to Los Angeles eagerly :)
I'm sad to be missing the Society for American Music meeting in North Carolina this year, but life calls.
RT: Filed to ESPN: Matt Flynn has agreed to terms witj Seattle on a 3-yr contract worth up to $26M w/$10M guaranteed.
- did yahoo purchase British Airways? ;)
I dunno. I think it's pretty weak that famous ppl have 100k's followers but 0 follows. Just network theory in action I guess.
Slowly dosing off..
Just got done with boot camp! Time to get some high quality FUEL in! Steelhead, brown rice, green beans, corn, and spicy V8!
You're welcome!
Hey baby, you're stealing my heart.
RT : Good morning from Sedona; Good Morning from CT!
Power of the purse boutique night and VIP party... all to benefit girls Inc!
Boy, Hasta La vista
*At a school dance* everyone else but me and my wierdass friends get asked to dace *starts air humping*
The NBA Thunder trusts our photo booths for their events-Who will you trust for yours?
RT'ing protected tweet is pretty much useless to everyone except 370 followers who can actually see the RT'd status #justsayin'
18,616 is 2day's attendance, the largest crowd ever 18,616 is also how many penalty minutes Zac Rinaldo has this season.
going to the San Diego show with my best friend and gonna fall madly in love with the Maine all over again! (:
anyone awake in Orlando FL
I can watch the show Roseanne, forever.
#Austin now you can Ask a latino any question you were never drunk enough to ask us. I will give you a honest reply. Need followers too.
Companies INTEGRATE social into their overall marketing strategy...job seekers should do same for personal branding!
Got up this morning listening to #U2. #GoodMusic and
#TweetMeCody or just marry me :)
Adam what is wrong with your hair, lol
#EmailMarketing Tip 19: at signup, define what's in it for the recipient. Content, frequency, savings -- & then DELIVER!...
The fire files above me some what sooth me
I honestly don't even know :o it said suggestions on the side and I saw you so I clicked it :3
Just want it all to be over..
At least at your house you could keep me warm
The song you & me reminds Austin of a beach. RT if you want to go to the beach with Austin(;
Be your own best advocate.
: Keep it #1Hunnit or keep away from me.
"He's a 27-year-old overly philosophical blowhard." "So, like you basically." "...I'm 23."
what rodeo are yall going to?
Crazy co-worker just trapped boss into lunch with her. I sat perfectly still as though she were a T-Rex and escaped. Thank u, Jurassic Park.
what are doing?
I have the life of a 35 year old housewife. I cleaned the house, did laundry, made dinner, and then cleaned up after dinner.
lol having one of those nights : )
I'm so pumped! Seems like forever from now
Love the full lyrics area on Pandora.
Nahh - they're just doing it right :)...holler next time u come in rt : Man...we're so doing it wrong ;(
don't tell that hoe you coming skeet all in her throat
Getting ready for #PAX - this is going to be awesome!
Good morning! Happy Friday
SYSCO foods came in. Lots happening. We have expanded to four levels or Waves of payout. Will touch base this week
thanks for the RT!
I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Wind
; if my son even thought about skipping out or being a deadbeat, his ears will be red for a minute to say the least.
This comes just in time for those family get togethers and best of all HOLIDAY parties!
I want to come!! Happy Valentines Day Enjoy!!
lol, actually no. But when u said Leak should go down to L-ville it got me curious. Just sitting watching RedLegs.
Thank you Miami and Carnaval on the Mile...we had a great time this year...and looking forward to next year!
Just paid off my submandibular gland!
Lotus is already fully disruptive. Just in the wrong direction I'm afraid
: Facebook needs these buttons: dislike, Who cares, & are you an idiot? preach!!
They are a registrar in the same way we are (functionally). I think the comparisons are good. You pay a bit more for service.
Kay thank :D
I've had a great day off
omg i love ray ray, roc royal,princeton ,diggy simmons, willow smith,jaden smith and ymcmb
where are you sitting?
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans. Woody Allen
Chris breezy is fucking whack
if Jason tweets me i'm gonna poop in my shoes.
Bored in biology with Felipe .~.
was ripped off. JUST SAYIN.
Haha "come on your going to listen to him??? He drinks where he peesXD" lolol
I'm aware that it's a basketball team but there's too kinds so I was just wondering
I was told by #WellsFargoHomeMortgage that Loan Modifications weren't meant to help everyone.
WIN A FREE SPRAY OR WEEK OF BED TANNING! HTTP://bit.ly/lEJg12
So cool!! Thanks for the link.
depends on what you're buying! haha I'm down for whatever
Everything in life is about balancing! I mean everything!!!!
I'm wearing my promise ring from high school. Diamonds are forever, "what's his name" isn't.
Keg Liq punch, shot glasses.
when we talk about ourselves parts of brain light up - same parts that light up when we eat.
ugh get him off the mound!
: Go Wings! RT : And we're underway at the United Center! Let's Go Red Wings!!! #DRWChat
he'd better call Braun's attorney.
#cloud could be called "The Realm" in 5 years! (or perhaps the "nebula" #startrek )
thanks for the rt!
my set tonight has every banger I've bought/created/found recently. I want to record it as OMG QUARRY'S SUMMER 2012 HAWT CLUB MIX.....
Will somebody turn the lights on? Somebody tell me what's wrong. I'd be lying if I told you that losing you was something I could handle.
: : Tweeps! What do u do when ur xbox360 has that red circle lit up around the power button??? Punt!!!
When people slip or fall into me at the bar they get that nasty Baltimore look, only my real bmore people know what I'm saying
thanks for your response...I understand. Good luck with everything :)
RT : Here till last call. At Starbucks. #partylikeajournalist - wild lives those hounds lead....
is at 007 w/ Nick and friends.... And breathing in a lot of smoke. Oy.
Heard they r having trouble selling tix for ntl. TV TCU gm @ Jerry's world, risk of making the school look bad
RT : Cool new followers:
i hate homework.. whats the point of it??
My prediction for May 18. 1.75 hours of crazy alien/naval warfare, followed by...."YOU SUNK MY BATTLESHIP......!!!" ann credits.
puY. oamL Don't mind me I'm being an idiot
That's the most-amazing thing I've ever had tweeted at me.
You can always see the character of the man by the woman he chooses.
I think I remember liking that last year. Pretty good?
Observations on #ows in #usq 1. There is no danger of this rally not being documented. Cameras abound. The 99% prefer Nokia.
Why Thank you lol RT Studs are so fuckin sexy
I wish I was rob dyrdek. He has so much money to blow on the craziest shit
def! Got any sketches?
Me: I like your ass. Austin: what. Me: I said I see that grass. Austin: there is no- Me: have my babies.
We'll be back at Golfernoggins this sat at 7 pm doing some black light facepaint and crazy henna
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will launch a contest where YOU could win a prize worth $100. Stay tuned!
Wondering if you ran away would anyone care..?
Ladies stop wearing them pajama pants and them dirty uggs!! Especially if your in your 30a
The new principal of Ross MS is Lisa McConoghy, who has been serving as academic dean at Ross. Congrats!
Anyways you should keep that up. That's awesome! Direction is great if it comes to business, school or anything.
most exciting part of the #Cotto and #mayweather fight
she lacks the life skills I have
#Preventative #healthcare is the best care! Better breathing and an improved #digestive system are just a few of the results you'll see
Exactly--I'd take it! :) Plus now we know how great Buffalo is!
I've been working and helping a friend move. Not much time on here. How's the hand??
Farmers feel pinch adapting to policy changes - swissinfo.ch
ugh. sacramento.
Lmao! I concur!
Tonight, all about #grizznation. Tomorrow, all about La Dispute & Defeater.
Maybe consider moving Rickie out of the lead off spot?
STOP going to bed then doc!!! LOL j/k love u!! <3
LMAO! You're even tweeting about it now!
Having a #30Rock moment
grasshopper joke made me snort - loudly!
Everything that happens to us shapes who we are becoming
Welcome to Las Vegas, no pushing or shoving.
PickUpLine: Can I have directions to your heart?
Adventure day! Explored beaches and trails. About to retire to the casa for the rest of the night.
RT ": kaila do you approve of how i summed up personality?"hahaha nice, this sandwich is takin over KC I like it! ;)
What is going on out there...why are my ears ringing??!?!? I had nothing to do with any of it!!!
Love that kid
who sleeps in on a workday? up at 6 today boys. so much to take in, but I'll have an opinion, I'm sure of it ..
Is Sean Peyton really suspended for a year?
I third on Ghosts. I know, street cred. But between LIt Con and Seam, choose LIt Con. Well done mag realism
I never really liked being categorized with others. I'd rather be labeled as me. Nothing more, nothing less...
Pretty good beer too!
Also not following anybody else first . Ever .
Getting head on a porch. A mid-west thing.
I have no idea but all I can do is b ready when called upon.
Today has been the kind of day where I could just go home and mainline some rich, creamery butter.
Brandon will be very happy to hear that.
I #LOVE that is loving everything! Love makes the world, life itself and you especially into something #wonderful!
thanks for the shout out:)
Coconut Ciroc and Lemonade is the drink of choice tonight.
I got concussed. remember, Jodis are fragile.
Re. scheduling. Be flexible. Want to hear some elaboration on that? Ask - he has tales to tell.
If you tryin to stay warm fellas im sure it will be plenty of big girls to keep you warm lol
That is nuts, Trey. C'mon.
We have a two drink minimum because sober audiences are lousy audiences.
its honestly so cold outside.showering is officially a near impossible task, walking is out of the pic. so go head and call me a lazy pig
hey man... gonna be on Hilton head for vacation in July. We should hook up play #golf and
My Times Square days ended with TRL!
As much as you love Zuck, forget him. Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey. What will hubby Paul think? cc
Help us. Help you.
again semantics SVP go Cavaliers!!
getting ready to give his presentation on disaster recovery and business continuity
STOP TELLING GOD HOW BIG UR PROBLEMS ARE. AND START TELLING UR PROBLEMS HOW BIG YOUR GOD IS!
So I see all my friends with android are jumping onto
CNI - the Coalition for Networked Information - is now on Twitter
Cherry, you were working it out! Love watching you jam to Tribal Energy Cardio~Have an awesome week.
The Swing by Robert Louis Stevenson. My fav. as a child: How do you like to go up in a swing, Up in the air so blue...
"40 Year Old Virgin" & "Knocked Up": Certified King Most Hood Classiques.
It wouldn't be April in NE Ohio without a little snow, right? Come warm up in the brewpub!
In the studio wit
Welcome home we've all missed you alot!
thanks for the follow.
My last name is diamond..RT : Diamond are forever! She my bitch forever!
Thanks guys! Those popsicles are so good.
The old 'number'. did you mean the old 'number'?
When I try to buy something out of the vending machine and it gets stuck. OKAY. I C.
Sure pal.
you should not have been fired. You should have been in the final 2 beautiful.
What's actually in those glasses? "Martinis before noon?! OK, OK... Its just for the scene! -Cobie"
I went to a certain hair salon in NYC...they charge $750 for a run of the mill sew in weave. Ridic.
It is official... the office has run out of ! help! cc:
good luck on the street single!!
when I read this tweet, the song came on(:
Bad sign if I laugh when sends an email about how much they've improved their customer support?
Times are sure changing...aren't they Char!
It's a James Bond marathon kind of afternoon. Lay-Z.
Time to workout. ~>
TONIGHT: and myself will be hosting PARTY UNLIMITED at Musical guests include &
airing an 8-11 marathon of the ORIGINAL #HardKnocks, starring the 2001
o I just had geek spring break, now I can have geek summer camp. :)
Thank you! My wife found this and I really liked it. It is a different and complicated grief...
Get off my twitter hoe lol
more AWS cost modeling; its all about the assumptions.
nope just putting the Benadryl gel on can't do the pills
are they original songs? :)
I'm returning this Friday kind sir...El Masons and The Avengers Saturday night
Nelly is sexy as hell.
I was appointed to 2 ALA #NMRT committees today during my commencement. I happily accepted!
Forget politics, ALL children should have health coverage
: I like librarians because they love to share ideas. There's no concept of stealing in this profession.. So true.
#GoTribe Curt schilling "behind that d, derek lowe can have 12-14 wins at the break and get traded to a contender". Gee tha...
Hey Zayn!!! :D I'm supposed to be in class reading but instead I'm here tweeting you! Follow me please?
#aboutme i play the sims
Don't be misled - you cannot mock the justice of God. You will always harvest what you plant. - Galatians 6:7
And any player who gets on should immediately attempt a steal
Matter your Lightsaber size does not, how you use it will.
I'm a prof in #Alaska and many students work 2 jobs to pay for college. What kind of a country doesn't support students?
Happy Birthday to a true NFL legend
: ": Lifeguard exam was easy!" Told you lol
Which fests are you checking out this weekend? #GoLocal #chicago Ribs, blues and art!!!
Happy Leap Day!!
You must have downloaded it to your iPad then. Do you see the app on your iPad home screen?
Thanks ! Glad they helped.
I think the Academy didn't even see Tree of Life.
For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death, certainly we shall be in the likeness of His resurrection; Rom 6:5 EMTV
It's ROSE BOWL day!! Let's Go DUCKS!! It's O-TIME!!!!
will do :) I was thinking maybe I'd come up for Jimmy's book signing as a get well present for myself. It's in June, right?
WE'RE THE CROOKS HERE & WE JUST LIKE TO ROB YOU SO LEAVE YOUR GUN AND TAKE THE CANNOLIS
Now THAT would be awesome. Even better: he pulls an Elway and says he's not going to DC. RT : I hope RGIII holds out until 2016.
Agreed. Can't afford P.O. every 5 miles MT route customer will have to travel for certified letters & large packages
#wewontwork if you dont care about the way you look
Joe thanks for the follow Judy
Probably as sad as that today is his last day in Australia. Love looking at the pictures (: -Madi-
its about to be 12 -_- i got work at 2.
So, what are you telling me? You're viewing this from somewhere far out along a space-time continuum?
Goddamn..i lost five followers. How gay.
Every choice you make is a chance to make the world a better place.
Its sad when someone can walk right by you and pretend you were never a big part of their life.
the problem w doing 65 hours of freelance a week: ce n'est pas une semaine. it's a long continuum of computer-busy.
girl it's colder over here lol
Thank you, your very welcome! Its nice to hear from those that benefit from some of my posts! Seems we both live in Newark.
Antonio McDyess is out as well. 4 starters not playing. That's crazy! We're like huh? in the truck.
on a Tuesday? It's very very late. What's prompted the drinking?
I'm always at my job 30 mns early, chilling in the lunch room. Haha ...
they all amped up
Our TJs Travels grew out of prior collab with SAAM, included Monticello & Poplar Forest ('house museums') as partners.
Now listening to and interview on WRAS 88.5 FM!
nice to google meet you!
Done and done.
I honestly think my french teacher is putting in F's on purpose because she doesnt like me, and i do all the work
hahaha have a fun year with that TA!
Old Ways, Neil Young
We're all in the process of ordering our tickets for Portland, and boy is it a pain in the ass.
this stupid ad made me miss a part of the ustream
When can we stop acting and be something again ? ;)
The weekend, is coming fast. I hope this weekend, is great.
I'm not sending you a pick of me naked, you sick fuck
When life gives you lemons, go buy an orange. (This is my decided cure... :)
Wow. That was a nice catch by Giancarlo Stanton. I think I heard the wall scream in pain.
nope, just thought that it was a very interesting statistic.
Im excited for college, and RUSH WEEK!!!! I'm most likely going to rush but not pledge! :D
UP UP UP UP
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
oh Linda thank you!! You have long been an amazing source of inspiration that means a lot!
"You know whats cool about america? While people are starving, we can fast forward tv"
What's everybody up to #tonight?
We rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
matter of time befo them white people get pissed off
DUDE FAT ASS FUCK!!
15 year-old girl told me her mom pulled her out of school to babysit. I thought it was 2012 not 1912.
thanks for the #FF mention! Same to you, and havea great weekend.
Like an e-cigarette they should make an e-joint, now that would sell :)
#Saints #49ers - Best game I've seen in a long long time. Unreal! Something tells me Tebow will do something interesting tonight.
25 Stunning Stats of the Royal Rumble
We opened the smallest real estate office in the country today,The Real Estate Office at the Betty Brinn Children's Museum in Milwaukee
kerrington * my bad i forgot the n lol
Jennifer Lopez is so sexy :D
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE 2 THE FLAG OF THE U.S.A.& 2 THE REPUBLIC 4 WHICH IT STANDS 1 NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY & JUSTICE 4 ALL!
i gotta go now mahomies, it's too late! goodbye 
thanks for the mention!
#McCall Smith, Corduroy Mansions. He's got his winning formula; why change it, beyond a transplant to a London flat? Quiet Sunday pleasure.
Nerding out on the Byrds and Simon & Garfunkel today.
Its fine by me, if you never leave. Oh its fine by me. .
Do you think Mr. Limpet is an ancestor of Nemo?
After a one and a half of living in my apartment complex I just realized we have a sauna.
Now that I missed the whole series, I really want to watch #frontline on Wall Street. Guess I know what I'm doing Sunday afternoon.
3 words. Surprise Prom Queen. Look forward to that Princess.
The American Legislative Exchange Council will be having a meeting in New Orleans in August, and on the 5th we are going to #protestALEC!
Great start to vocals on my new jam today!!!!! I want this cd done so f*%^ing bad!!!!!
Stunning to sit here and flip through the Ulysses notebooks. I've seen them before, but to have them to study and teach-- just wow!
lol what I do?!?
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login #cookie sent over #unencrypted connections, and login as you!
The whole idea of motivation is a trap. Forget motivation. Just do it." ~John C Maxwell
San Diego Police Department knew 15 years convicted sex offender Arevalos was sexually assaulting women. Cops & DA did nothing to protect
Having a good day and you walk into your chemistry class and your mood totally changes
Excuse me miss, but sexy can I?
#RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for #1vsMany ??!! Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
that's great:)
Cnt wait to get tf outa of dis house a d wack ass state on some real shit
ahaha, naww, if it serious then you gotta apologize
Wtf is this shit about Justin and Niall fighting?!??? I'm late
Good day! It's 64 this morning in South Florida. :-) Nice. :-)
Sorry, we'll fix that!
that performance was so dope last night + u + the prada glasses 
GUESS WHAT!
sew together 3 growl towels
You're our new defacto #GW2 guild leader! Grats!
Only me.....Only I would meet a porn star. SMDH
I've been dragging down for the last hour
Haha youre welcome, I'm very informative ;P
the true counts on your profile. all apps and home page load slow
Hey where did you get an Android from?
Also, I am predicting that in 3 years time Swansea will be making runs into Europa League.
Good lookin I need some beats too
: I think i wanna go to da military idk yet u go I'll go
 When I finally do get some, everybody gonna know bc imma move withoh man one lucky guy I see
happy b-day kyle 50 is cool
A big #followfriday to salute to , ,
so much for studying english,,
And my mom was all, "Emily, aren't you glad I didn't have kids right away? You'd be 35 right now."
we need one asap!
Checking out baseworld.com. Missing Miami weather.
yeah they are so awesome! :)
Yes,espec.w/evaluators such as Doyne/Love in San Diego. Perpetuate,lie,never hear crys of child when truth spoken.1000's hurt.
#spriteslam... talk about proving stereotypes wrong, white men CAN jump!
I need a fix. I need a Chilis.
- last day in the office this year!
first impressions tho
My grandpa joined the email game a little late, so I'm getting the Fw:Fw:FW emails from years ago. Today's? Cell phones igniting gas pumps.
eww why is that ugly guy holding my man?!!!
nigga sounding like saved by the bell with lets get the gang together
The winner is: (Drum Roll Please!!) CONGRATS!!! You won a $25 visa gift card along with samples of azap! How does that sound!
Morning Twitters ^_^
Elise please do explain: WTF was a pillow gonna do, should called back up *shame*
Last nights show was great! Now takin baby girl to school. Then finishing #NFG designs and #attackattack music video artwork! Slammed
Gonna wish i had a storm warning for how hard i fell for <3
Your life is your life. Dont let it be clubbed into dank submission. Be on the watch. There are ways out.
Will do lil' bro!
We have to go home so I can get my flip-flops. I always regret wearing normal people shoes.
Happy Friday everyone ! First of the year...
: Cruizing the streets of Berea with the Guns and Roses blasting.When I think of Paradise City, I think of Berea, Kentucky.
I love music, really. That doesn't mean I want to listen to the neighbor's playlist instead of birdsong & wind in trees. #amwriting #gah!
hope everybody is enjoying the freakin' freedom that is fall....
RT i only miss you when i'm breathing
#TGTSpectacular Target is not welcome in San Francisco!!!!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus!
haha thank ya sir!
I love it. My mom's weeding
Tell her you'll take her shopping at Crystals mall at City Center. Done deal.
No mater wat people will always hate... So just do u and be ur self... Enough said...
I can understand that....
Done, you tore it up!!!!!
Of course and thank you. I don't remember why. I was probably protesting.
Thanks for including me!
I Came up with a name kinda like Bieber Fever for you and us Mahomies! MAHONE MAYHEM!! Check out my username now!! :)
shall i call you now.. type in ur no again
are you tagging anymore people on your video?(:
awesome gig tonight.
Leadership involves communicating peoples worth and potential so clearly that they are inspired to see it in themselves.
ennuendo? An Italian enema?
back-ish! i'll still be in and out for a while. but thanks girl! missed you to :)))
Sorry!! I was to busy.... Thats why I didnt show up
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Buddy Bolton
Oh, also, if you RT the Tweet where I was talking about the giveaways, I'll consider that a S/O too
Rick Ross be barking. Tyga got a sore throat. Lil Wayne's lighter is broke. Wiz Khalifa thinks everything is funny.
Yeah, that made me feel good.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
#imagine Zayn taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills. Zayn: you like that babe? You kiss him.
big ups for the #FF love. I'm always a day late.
Nothing as far as I can tell around my office on Boylston St. Our power is up and running just fine. Nothing out of the ordinary.
The thaw begins #WAslush in Seattle. Flooding possible if past patterns hold true.
Not really tho
The Silk Tie likes Chad! We dig the tie, thesilktie.com
I love offensive stuff and the French. Oh wait, I'm being redundant.
May 16th 2012 is the day they free my homeboy YB aka "Byron Bars" its been 2years my nigga and u kept it 100 for all of em
An Albuquerque crime scene, where two were shot. Drunk, a woman drove through itcrashing into two police carsher three-year-old with her.
You're annoying. Please shut the fuck up before I shove the arts and crafts your working on down your throat.
weather I know or not that still doesn't render the curse of the SNICKS losing streaks every year....period.
I have so much shit to do
426: OMG JERI. I love how we're penpalssss. <3 Oh, and your letter should be coming soon! You're super gorgeous and i love ya girll. <33
I got you hommie I have to find it
have then reply on here
Root canal has turned into a tooth being pulled today! Will this mom be given a break please! I am learning to zone out the needle~scary!
Come talk to us about corneal hysteresis and biomechanics at #ARVO2012 booth 319.
yeeah 3 other people ! and one of them was his friend
because he is the most exciting athletes and sports
really fuckin irritated but fuck it!...
excited about collaboration with for viva la vida Oct22. updates on local chefs doing demos to come!
WHEW just headed off minor mutiny when teachres found out not eligible for overtime when on sick leave
#overheardinbookbiz RT : "I'll take a pass, let me know when a werewolf comes by."
GO BABY PENS!!!
: So I hear my Irish girls r doing a flashmob for CTS tomorrow in town?! Looking forwards to seeing the video for it girls :)
is it the dark hair? Lol
Looked at both Open Conf & Conftool but didn't fit. Didn't want to host Open Conf and had >150 attendees for free Conftool.
Relationship ' like there's tho ONEDAY : (
um you tell me!
It is something I get paid to write about, though, so what else is there for me than to engage readers? I know it's trivial.
come to Rockford this is cold lol
Some lady on this plane has a tiny dog in a bag and it won't stop barking because it's a tiny dog in a bag.
vigil: Sometimes it's hard not to pronounce it /VIJ-oo-uhl/.
hahahah my mom dosent care. all we're doing at the mall is eating tho?
American dad > haha
when i get paaaaiiid
Not sure if those have connections, but it does seem to all boil down to the body's ability to process toxins or prevent toxicity.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
I went to a friend's wedding 3 weeks ago. While the priest celebrated mass a homeless man started screaming. I stood up and went to the back
LIES! Sugar makes you pretty, just like Wilford Brimley.
And water slides are not just for back yard parties
I thought about you/us the first time I read that.
I KNOW! I caught that..Lol.
I'm in charge of tomorrow's Program Team meeting. Anyone have a bell & mallet I can borrow?
MT : From new UW prof who studies Twitter MT : Fascinated by dialogue around
Dead Boot - Grapefruit
go night night ;-). U will feel better. XO
Interaction Design does not equal interface design
yeah it is bruh
yeah!!! Why weren't you at school today?
Dam bae I hope u don't do me like dat sheesh. I'll suck it for a new outfit lol
thanks for the RT.
No insults whatsoever. Just trying to promote the history of the beard! Take care!
I wish I had the voice to sing screamo.
I concur on the "I AM EXCITE". Though I didn't spring for dice can't wait for the game.
for you or for the players?
Must raise hand and ask what is lubricated content vs liquid?
just to save 25 sec
who are you talking to?
You know the smell too! Glad I wasn't alone.
miss u <3
hmmph I should of stayed longer... oh well
Love this! recommends visiting the for videos with captions AND transcripts!
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
Why is it so difficult to meet decent guys?
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the Ol' left tit."
They used a dude that looked like he was 30 thats sum BS
RT I was on the Traveling Science Club while in high school
One big room, full of bad bitches.
tonight was one of the best raw ever
Smokin on some purple is
because we're tha boss. Expecially when I break out the dougie & you get all "oh darling I love you so" hahah. :)
That flattering moment when you're on someones
So where do we go from here ?
Woke up from nap. We're still on the brink of default. Boehner really has cojones to complain that some in DC can never say yes.
Have a great shoot tonight!
switch90 is one of many scammers.. beware!
really??? im there! call me
All you elitists and your Macs on Ikea furniture!!!
great to hear that! Can't wait to see you tear it up!
Confucius Say Man who sleep in cat house by day, sleep in doghouse by night
Sorry about that. Should be back up now!
packing for #CHI2012 with the lovely Ready for some Austin food tomorrow!
*Fight happening at school all kids run and stand in chairs* Me:Gosh! Y'all r acting like one directions here!
girl what ?
AHAHAHAHAHA! You don't even know how hard this made me laugh! Are you surprised???
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home. ~Twyla Tharp
Catching some 
He who dreams of greatness will only find greatness in his dreams
M Hardesty worthy of a roster spot & monitor Hillis least till gametime?
It's funny, because the people i look up to the most, don't care. although I thrive to be them.
fo sho get some rest see a doc if it continues
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mama's!!
Twice a year wellness exams makes sense for your pet-On average-Pets age 7 times faster than people do.
*minuscule not miniscule
Worrying is taking responsibility for things God never intended you to have.
I'm not trying to manipulate weak men, I'm trying to serve them chicken wings and beer. They just shake while I do it. ^_~
so true but I live here
One day your running away from her and talking shit about her the next day you are clinged to her just don't understand
love those. Hard to find though.
A double WHAMMY 4 your CANDY #GivesYouWings ...
you should make an app for that
How am I being a smart ass lol quit being a jerk
Thank you to the always lovely
My contact about housing in NYC called and told me not to get on the bus yet. He says he has a plan B, but I can't get through to learn it.
awesome hun... Congrats... So what u going to do now?
Gotta check out the Texas state fair one day
Cut that mf music off cuz!
Late night, headed back to cincy. Listening to the Pat Metheny Group album "Speaking Of Now"
RT : And here's a Q&A with the Daniels: Daniel Alarcon: How do you approach the end of a book? Daniel Handler: With caution.
off his new cd
your better than the best
In NYC waiting for Hurricane Irene...so far all she's done is manage to shut down all of manhattan and sprinkle a little bit.
Can nebody tell me how i got home please
No never! I'm sure I'll become obsessed.
No EW 3 questions this week? I need my fix!
Did not make it. Will explain later.
I am excited to find you on twitter--And to find you are giving out candy--But mostly to count myself as an official follower
ugh time to wind down
Had a great time at the "Teen Choice Awards" gifting event, met tons of kids and teen celebrities, they loved my stuff!!!
"It don't matter... My pockets got fatter..."
#cil2010 where's lunch? Someone else must be hungry.
In early June, 1807 USS Chesapeake encounters HMS Leopard off VA. British demand the right to board looking for deserters.
come to room 416
dont be talking about me in your tweets.
You need to expand your circle of tweeps. The tax guys in my list don't care @ maps, unless it signals a tax rate change.
whats good bro
" I tell her bring it back like a DVR " ..... word to
Hey #ICNY folks. I may have 1 or 2 tix for Book of Mormon (hottest show in Broadway) tonite, ~$150 each. DM me if interested
Braids are back! Check out some cool new ways to wear this trend for Fall. Do you have a favorite?
hey how are u? How are u been?
#My followers help me find an acting coach i wanna pursue my dream of been an actress if u guys could help me txt me at 2606020373 plizz!:)
just got a delivery...woohooo i love new bedding!!
#TEAMCHAZMARCELL New to twitter
1. Look up the definition of amortization. 2. Transaction costs of tweeting.
not at all experienced but we loved Rome, didn't make it to Greece. Get ready to walk!
only if they bring me tchotchkes
...or would you save at least 80% for an emergency fund and/or build something meaningful for the next generation?
You'd love it here. I see them all the time - even saw one in the yard the other day.
Spring Break...BEST invention EVER!!! Have a great Tuesday PLN!
your a dork and my friend and I love ya hehe haiiiii!
You bet bro. Thnx back!
Just the fact that he's struggling in battleground states against a little known ideologue spells disaster for Romney.
and they likely should. Photo sharing still pwns the web.
Everyday is a new day to make things happen. Make today your day!
It would cost Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac almost $100 billion to write down the principal on the underwater loans they control to current ma
there is a ginormous bug in the bathroom and I am not going in there.
An acre of performance is worth a whole world of promise ~ Red Auerbach
2 news sources stated PS was meeting w/ DOJ yesterday. Pokerstars made a statement that they will comment when talks are over.
new video on youtube :)
We're sorry, but something went wrong. We've been notified about this issue and we'll take a look at it shortly.
how've you been, its been a little while
I've had an ad for a $79 Fender Starcaster electric guitar open all day...staring at me...judging me...waiting for me to rock...
Thanks for the RT and and for the #ff's
right, shit. I'm gonna apply at places in the mall Friday when I go pick up my check.
You should listen to some other music too! There's a big ocean of music out there
do u have holy ghost speaking in tongues acts 238
Socialism France...really?!
So many creeps
how is any team going to have 3 or 4 1st round picks to trade up for Luck?
... Alert them to put it on a car. I really don't enjoy McDonalds, however .......
And the winner of our #MadeInNY Craft Beer Showcase is....! Congrats you guys!
follow first please and then I'll follow u =)
yep, Sunday schedule.
God I can't wait until turns 18 and shows the world whose boss!!
#LMSunSIG umassboton is also trying to tie in faculty attendance at and certification in training to their PTR?
Sully, , had so much fun at Thanks to the ladies/staff who worked yesterday morning.
Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the "very young man" spearheading social media- go you, whoever u r!
I just like to give people a dose of reality :)
I win......as usual. Can you make me some mustard chicken for dinner again?
Is his Twitter handle? Is he now aware of your love?!
No big deal or anything though.I only lost about 3 years worth of pictures friends and music!!! =(( ugh damn myspace lol
thank you so much for the shout out <3
"Do Unto Other's As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU."
is at the world famous on Sunday 1/22. Hilarity ensues at 7:30
absolutely. Being status quo because of a lack of drive isn't inspiring. Why be with someone who doesn't want to better themselves
- I've fallen in love with your words. They fill my soul with wisdom and light.
find a use for that key...hey oh! ;)
Finally made it to ...not disappointed at all! Great atmosphere and very complex flavors. I will come back for sure!
Thank you!
nope y
Woke up in a glum mood, but watching a movie definitely brightened the day
how many awards have been televised so far
Current Bowie Rotation: Tim Bascom, Bobby Bundy, Jake Pettit, Cole McCurry, Zach Clark.
Thanks Dan!
glad to be one!!
Don't spend a lot of money on premium coffee. Whatever variety, coffee is still coffee.
": win your gift. check my link from profile" no thanks, leave me alone.
That sounds about right. The idea of entertainers being insecure and needing tons of validation isnt surprising at all
S Club, gonna show you how.
Winfield 5-4 in extra innings. Was hoping my cousin's Redskins would pull it out :(
thanks for checking us out man. Hope you enjoy what you see. Keep in touch.
Thanks for the encapsulization of the #GSU decision!
I'm gonna wipe mine and start over, otherwise of course! Although I should be in for the new #iPad shortly!
will be opening at noon today!
Hope you an incredible Mother's Day xo 
All of Richmond #rva is a living, breathing pre-game show today.
Woo hoo -- it's Festival of Lights, baby! Tonight 6-9pm in downtown GSO. www.festivaloflightsgso.org. Be there or be square!
Going to the tonight. Like hearing my hubs play bass trombone with them. They have a wonderful sound, hall, vibe.
Agree, hilarious!
Old people waiting for metro door to open: I think youre too close. It won't open if you stand too close. See you steped back and it opened
Your so cool, thanks for being awesome!
u there? Or watching?
Bout to give yall this #GoodStreetMuzik soon
God assembled me & put me together,, I'm sure that same God can hold me together
Are you serious? RT : Seriously like 10 people got kicked off our flight before we even left Owensboro for being drunk
People who don't read books just don't understand me
Your hustle determines your salary.
dont tell me serious shit when i'm sleep! odds are IM NOT LISTENING!
Golly. Comparing Jefferson's original rough draft of the Declaration of Independence to the final engrossed version is always instructive.
Looking to secure that first softball W tonight.
Hey, can you follow me please? xo
So excited for you!
I miss my sista
I love Julian, don't get me wrong but he wasn't on ABDC to begin with so I don't think he should be on it now.
These mobile homes are so structurally sound and energy-efficient that they could potentially increase in value.
Dialing for dollars today . Hope everyone is having a great day .
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Thoroughly enjoyed tabling at Portland Zine Symposium today.
could you DM me
If only I could be Selena Gomez for one day and have her life,and all of her beauty:))))
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE! BE SAFE! :)
I'm gonna go ahead + watch tonite's *but* I'm still reeling from last week's episode pimp culture near
I love that card! Happy mama day. :)
On the freeway bumping music 
: I wouldn't have noticed im on my 4k + tweet if it wasnt for my lovely cousin  
I am once again loading Fences, a app on my new work PC. It helps me organize my desktop icons.
please dm contact info
Thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed it! /cc
i only use two haha i'm wierd :P
Just to play it safe, stray dogs should stay away from chinese restaurants..
what's good stilt? 7EST on ESPN. Well cya later brotha.
Confident that no matter what age I get, a can of baked beans will always remind me of a homeless, switchblade wielding Christopher Lloyd.
Hey, why did the the P71 come south on Braddock Avenue in Regent Square this morning at turn left onto Hutchinson at 7:50?
Success will never be a big step in the future; success is a small step taken just now. ~Jonatan Mrtensson
when did you start tweeting in english?!??!
#maestrosays get up to the studio. ASAP.
Hustle 7Days/Week! YE God Thank u for the days I couldn't c the light & u showed me!
Good Day & Good Night!!!!
Good girl.
If you switched the menus to Applebee's, T.G.I.Fridays, and Ruby Tuesdays would anyone notice?
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana cold banana blows
Clarity is the counterbalance of profound thoughts. Luc de Clapiers
Omg i love shopping. ;)
it's for the sport of it and the reward is some good eats!
:( Maybe next year we'll see you at
check the comments on my wall...
#TheyNeedToBringBack to & while they r at it don't let another cast member go right now.
Thank you for Tweeting that article out, Andrew. Hope you're doing great, Sir.
 well fine bitch it wasn't aimed towards you anyways....
no. I grew up watching Yankees games with my grandpa who was born in NY.
Open hearts & eyes see the party. Take a step home! #prodigal. Celebration Worship this morning Tell it!
TOMORROW NIGHT: THE GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK!! FREE COVER & ILL BE SPINNING!! check out more specials here:...
Unbelievable, time distortion, space is the place Go down that lonesome hiway YEAH but don't be hypnotized NO
HEYY GUYS!! PLEASE help me out by following my other account !! PLEEEAASE!! I follow back!
The Whistleblower. Hard to watch stuff, my friends. To be followed by an episode of Elizabeth Gets Stupid Crazy Angry at Humanity.
Wow. Crazy snow flurry time.
Good job Daquan!
I was just reading about Etta James and I guess she spent some of her early teenage years in the Fillmore district. I had no idea!
This is true, but sometimes Boudreaux looks at me like he'd slay me in a heartbeat.
Lol here soon we will record bro
Just opened up: HR internship# in NYC# and Sports marketing internship#NYC for college or high school summer internships#
Leaving for Minnesota tomorrow
Yup hands test-drive lol
Why did I waste my time with yo ass
: I can't stop thinking about you.. #whatsmyproblem #helprick I miss you too
I like your style. I'll be in your glorious city in early January (Friday of MLK weekend). Details to follow, would love to see you.
Was thinking around 4:30 eastern...want to email me? . Did you get to see any of #Hopkins? They CRUSHED.
RT": How are you going to make your mark on the world? Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you."/True!
Went to a "Black Thai" event last night. I was the only guy in a FUBU kimono.
Join us Sundays @ Victory Church Of God 222 East Monroe Ave. Grants, NM 87020 10:30am # Look for our articles in the Faith Column of The #
Great! I am here and it is lovely on the patio.
Pence advancing to 3rd on passed ball.
Excited to meet with tonight to discuss engagement/wedding photos! Any words of wisdom?
its okay beautiful !
Putting his invaluable tweets aside, you should follow for his cat avatars :-)
SCORE! That's some badass looking gear!
my etsy banner looks funny...like its all stretched out.
I hope my girlfriend gets better, and not be sick! And hopefully can go to the movies with me tomorrow c: see you tomorrow! <3
The lever of a subway hand-sanitizing station which is out of product has to be one of the most germ-infested 2 inches on the planet
THANK YOU YOU'RE A LIFE SAVER. <3
Earn more money with hair extensions, weaves, & even making full lace wigs! For more info OR supplies email us @
went to sleep at 7pm don't know why.! this is awkward
I wish they were. I haven't had the pleasure of diving off a piece of construction equipment while it's moving.
....perhaps parts of western Suffolk, but not where I live.
Ostrich, alligator, goose and yak all arrived (all CO farms) for our Gourmet dinner with featuring CO winemakers
babe please im sorry
Ah, yes. Two of the other things I hit "Going" on. This Friday is out of control.
Im going insane
Living in the South it's hard to hear good music from home....so I will definitly be on the look out...
He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loves you. He got bored. He left.
As big as Montana.
yea baby
School,cheer,then dance later
Downtown waitin on the bus 2 go get my check.
Went to Hollywood yesterday to visit our edible wall - doing great! Then over to our new green roof project on Phil's Diner
I balanced the dude-ness by gettin my hair did for 4hrs instead.Gender stereo-types
they will definitely lol : Lakers might get swept!
I wish the sun didn't damage skin so much...I love me some vitamin d!
Google Search Data used to predict Flu trends per state...
um, I think I am the one that is supposed to utter terrible puns.
You better hurry up. Only a few steaks left! Park at Cedar and walk down. Gary says it's ok :)
No it's not!
Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living! -Amanda Bradley
Why does the #newtwitter not works for me?!
They should just arrest everyone in State College, PA then I guess. It's a small town, how could everyone not know?
Good Night!!
This morning..
Basketball is always about THE NEXT PLAY. Doesn't matter if u just scored or took a charge as much as what will u do next to help your team.
will murder RT : #Kings and #Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods. I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it.
There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it
Hey to the world, anyone up for chatting? Because I'm bore out of my mind stuck at home with 5 younger siblings!
Every week I give 2 Broke Girls a chance after HIMYM...and I never make it past the opening sequence.
Laker fans are classy RT : Avoid downtown of possible. Too many armed robberies going down..
Man i wanna move and be done with college....so far i've learned things i already knew!
Tryna get like you
In the poker room actually playing the right game now. 30k starting stack got about 34k.
Not yet, but working to make it real. Right now, just looking for feedback, suggestions, advice. Hope to be live by the fall
Thanks. Street and public music focusing particularly on Kenya/Tanzania/Ethiopia. Gull is leading it, a multi-instrumentalist.
Happy Birthday Fam! &hugs to your mom's on what seem to be the longest labor EVER. Bro Phillip and I do month long cele too!
CHECK ME OUT IM ON THE MOVE ...www.mzzoe.com
N' I'm up bout to head ova to the barbershop..
Get in and try our Bistec a la Mexicana Torta Grilled ribeye w/sauted bell peppers, onions, topped w fresh avocado!
- You are just what I needed today, Paul. Thank you for being your beautifully enlightened self. You are rare and lovely.
Regence BlueCross BlueShield to drop its Portland-area provider network for individual members, giving them fewer choices or more costs h...
Can't say I have been diligently watching but there seems to be a large discrepancy in #Bucks to #Knicks fouls
#movieawards I can't believe the trash movies/stars being selected for awards. MTV please go with your instincts, not the 13 year old girls.
Tell her that bitch im a rapper and i did my homework, and im not smoking shit but spitting it :)
Follow me Rihallah
Don't fight hate with more hate. Only love can conquer.
RT Congrats on winning Student Journalist of the Year! I see you USC  that's two for two!
RT : Today in 1962, Brian Epstein became The Beatles manager. His first directives: "Get haircuts and no more leather jackets"
RT : Understand travel hotspots, plan in advance and make your journeys easier during the #london2012 Games....
Great idea!
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza drop the pizza on em
Up to early and not feeling to good.
ha! We use to yell that in school!
My kitten is fast asleep.. and she's making me want a nap too!
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
Nothing lifts a girl's spirits like a new pair of shoes!
that's a good question with no logical answer. It needs to be legalized and Congress is finally starting to see why.
Why is it not friday yet?
Did you beat him up?
Great time with family and friends at
still remember that day
Hey Twitter haven't been on all day
What's that lumina song?
Eliminate the things that make you unhappy.
What's your favorite bamboo item? Is it our cool and comfortable t-shirts, or how about our ultra-soft and silky bed sheets?
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Can gays as a community every defuse misconceptions about us when we have them about our very own as well?
playoffs, is Morey a genius?
Physics and sociology :for friday's exams , the hell
I am. I'm going to the beach today and I'll probably be up here again wednesday.
Good Morning, here's hoping every one has a lovely day.
Thanks George! Our users must have good luck b/c a lot of folks who post liquidate! We have a plan for major traction soon..
": Sport of Kings #falconry" Derek!!
so b
I've tried. Guess it's time to end it. Sucks since we've been friends for so long & he's always been there.
Tomorrow is thursday and friday comes afterwards
oh and macroons!
Thanks for a great training and for getting us started on twitter!
": Ever look at your ex and thought "Was I drunk during our whole relationship?"... Im pretty sure I was beligerently drunk xD
"Mercy" by Kanye West, Big Sean, T-Pain & 2 Chains is my jam right now.
Sounds like no one's definition of a good time. Good luck
north tustin , lemon heights
Thank you !
Excited to welcome my cousin's son and my "godson" Cameron into the world today! Can't wait to meet him.
I love Nigel Thornberry.
I will unfollow funnytweets if Selena n Justin say to follow again
..hard for them, its easier to simply disenfranchise us as if we do not exist at all, because we are 'in their way'...
on #60minutes was amazing. Such an inspiring story all around, and especially for tennis.
thank you
Being a hater is contagious study shows it affects 1 in every 5 friends its so lethal the cure cant be achieved thru hypodermic needles
Playing Vancouver tonight @ Biltmore Cabaret. @ 9, @ 10. Be there for fun Canadian rock times!!!
AND happy mother's day!
SA bar reports that Richard Goldstone secretly supported apartheid! (Once his reputation is destroyed, I'll retract this spurious report)
It's a Randy Rogers kinda night
Snitches are bitches that end up in ditches.
you are amazing and i love im happy we will see each other tomorrow !
um let's go to the in Santa ana
aw you wanna connect w me!
Hate when you hear a really amazing song and no one in the club can tell you the name of it..Thanks for nothing...AH!!!!!
don't die :( feel better!
GREAT Shot!!
Let's go cowboys!!
That looks SO good! Love that place.
Perhaps, someday. (all electronic devices be surrendered until the photo viewing has ended, no exceptions)
what's up fag?
your denial amuses me.
Yay for words! And dinosaurs!
Since Phils pissin me off on draft day the focus shifts to Sixers/ Bulls....maybe they'll pull a shocker
can't sleep because I'm reading your book -what a great page turner!!! amazing stuff. congrats!
aw man good thing I didnt ask the guy to take a pic!
Just post the link when its available my man! 1 Luv
you understood me? Yayy I speak Greek! Hahah
who is yours???
enough with the digging into the crack of dirty politics - we know what's there
ok u have to earn it by showing improvement in _ _ _ _ _ _ -that on the left is classified
It's a beautiful day world! Time to sell that great tasting pie! I love you San diego! Today we are featuring Keylime and Lemon Pie. Yummy!
be happy
I miss the old days because that's when I has you.
Gonna write a recap of lessons learned from my 30-day inspiration trial today.
Also concert etc. confirmed GFA 2013 (june 2013) (homage to my great life long friend Bruce Holzman:) his 40 years teaching FSU WOW!
Lmaoo this 15 year old trying hard to bag. I feel flattered.
I live To Do lists, and to write out projects. Evernote keeps it in one space for me, lets me clip pics and websites.
It is officially the weekend!Today's drink is the Spanish Mocha...vanilla and cinnamon, sounds good to us :)
Sen. Rob Portman: CBO study said 70% of benefits of corporate tax reform would go to workers in the form of higher wages & benefits.
i know it! why is that? i think that is the main reason i never attempt any story writing, i can't get the POV right!
Brilliantly done!
Well hello new follower friend! I see you are friends with You must be rad. :)
As far as I know, it was not a surgeon. Have you read anything online? I believe they list the two doctor's names.
there have been five 2-15 upsets. three of them have come from the state of VA.
Just wrapped up playing photographer at my first photo shoot with and
I was lucky and had my own espresso machine...saved me plenty of times
Let us know when you need volunteers - We'll do what we can to help!
For some reason, people on Twitter talk to celebs like they would never dare to in real life, & say the most moronic things.
Really helpful #chartership chat. Thanks for all the great suggestions from everyone. Until next time :)
Shon Greenblatt (Oscar Delancy from the movie) is at the show tonight :)
to buy an ipad or to wait... ah!
Thanks for following! We enjoy following & looking forward to learning more about you. We are a finance co in SV
SEVENTH GATE by Richard Zimler WWII literary mystery, WHITE HORSES by Alex Adams the world ends yet again.
Valerie D
People are like stained glass windows. They sparkle and shine in the light, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed.
I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man; I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
Two injured in Chestnuthill crash - Pocono Record
#OneWordThatDescribesHer Beautiful . Just Beautiful...
just what we need in our lives, adding another meaningless bowl game
looking for RoR leads in Southern FL and NYC. Send resumes and referrals to
I can't adjust to something I already am
Great crowd tonight at The Stillhouse in Lebanon. Stop by and hang out I'll play you a tune-BH
Thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!
thanks for stopping in, we love having you guys!
Wonderful dialogue all around! RT Great to meet to review crisis case studies. A winning morning!
you know what it is.
I gave my daughter a chocolate donut for breakfast. Guess who loves her mommy?
Good morning Everyone! Monday always reminds me of my first day in High School. Well, have a productive one at work, School bla bla!
I am going to walk The Line today starting in Chelsea.
- Thank you. Hey, we have to meet soon to talk. I was just talking about you and network with Cheni of Sunshine Bronx.
Hate when people are not about the biz they talk of
Cout's comments make Malkin seem old and like he has disappointed his fans. I love it.
The ruling was that clicking a like button is not protected speech because it does not involve words.
2- were starting to slowly fall apart and I do not want that at all :( hopefully one Day we can be as close as we use to be or the way (c)
Damn! i would've done it if you paid travel expenses.
Big shoes to fill after fair Mayor Berni. Debating whether to choose the next via Sword In The Stone style or Fitting Glass Slipper style...
#NP Heart Attack
maybe n a few hours :)
is alone and happy to be alone, but is he alone if he's online?
where is my cuddle buddy at right now like tf
My ideal of my prince.. A canadian boy in purple supras <3
Do you think the testimonies expert witnesses gave during Casey Anthony's Trial are credible?
Listening to Country Hits on Pandora <3
If anyone wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game. Would much prefer insight to confrontation! Mu ...
Friendship w/ the angels is similar to other friendships. Listen, communicate your needs and take thoughtful action. Gratitude always helps.
Establishing a social media presence is highly overrated. I quit. - zach.
For being lactose intolerant i do enjoy pizza. Even if it is cheese less.
#ifidiedtommorow id go to my cousin who abused me for 7 years and thank him for the experiences that taught me how strong i am
Looking at Pinnterest for a client, wondering how does one generate traffic to the site, is it linked up to Facebook or linkedin? Thoughts?
good cause I was gonna bother u anyways
Normal Bean-I got your e-mail and YES of course I would be honored to sing with your band on stage-S will be in SPIRIT too :-)
I fully support that.
also forgot to say you're welcome. Oops
I got you Jerry, would love s follow back from an NFL legend.
Very painful to listen to Ira Glass' retraction of Mike Daisey's Apple story. Can hear his voice cracking with the strain of it.
Ty Hun, ya crazy busy with school. Have good night.
[Live] Late-night w/ INB4 on Freqbase, tune in!
I think you have been that guys the definition of "goon to a goblin"
Yes! I am drinking ALL the Jameson.
I shall use the highlighter and draw on her face so she could wake up looking bright & shiny & idk c':
we would love if both of you could attend our fashion show on the 16th of May
My new favorite local museum--the Musical Instrument Museum. Thank you!
Feel like a fat BITCH who ain't ate all day gimme that Chicken extra spicy Wish I could go over my moms house her curry chicken be like LOVE
Thank you to the NPC, LAC, section planners, speakers. MLA HQ, and members for such a wonderful meeting.
Hot guy in a three-piece suit drove up in an Aston Martin to the ATM next to me. OHAIIIII
I was about to say what the hell?
held 11:00 Multi position plank Sunday! Longest I have ever held.
the only on and off, day long shoot in Boston. Noon-2am with a few breaks in between. Doin' it up
RT : They can see every man's bald spot and down every woman's blouse. THAT'S why giraffes are always smirking.
Random: I like girls that can dress they ass off ;)
RT : Alright, , let's keep the #Wisconsin wins coming! RT if you're ready to smell the roses!
I am going to throw up now.
I try and naw #1970's haha and you better not
Appreciate you spreading the word! Thanks!
Haha, I figured those couple beans jumped out 'cause they were as excited as me!
I love with Real talk, invokes feeling that we're all in this together.
Apples to Apples is a gift from God.
no doubt! ;) were u getting judo lessons all afternoon from Sven?
Thanks RT : If you're in music biz or want to be, Confessions of a Record Producer, Avalon, is a good read.
follow me please?
Rocking the pearl snap now. Wonder if they make pearl snap chef coats.
More than 24hrs since endorsed #marriageequality, and the US still hasn't been wiped out by a massive hurricane.
shut up you guys thought i was lying then when i showed the blood it was like OMG.....see im not always dramatic
RT : RT : Little known fact, #Porsche racing cars start out on the same assembly line as road cars
Getting ready to post race day logistics on our website
omg. If I didn't have the small 40 year old we could've drank wine and watched will Wheaton sh*t !
oh lord can't wait ;)
If wasn't on Mercy.. I orally wouldn't fxck with the song
Genetics & medical history are extremely important. Adoptees dont have this information. Get the answers by finding your birth mother.
Roaches are some of the eldest organisms on earth.
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your changes of it actually getting done. via
never ever too early talk.........
We have 700 slots for Summer Corps 2012 - #lawstudents, get your applications in early to secure your spot!!
Could this day please hurry up and be over!
also, happy tuesday!
Potatoes are yummy and help reduce oil in skin. We need to get some spuds this summer.
Why did I have to see that HSN tweet ...O my word I'm pacing back and forth to tv to computer to tv. Ok let me just see whats on HSN brb
Girl 1: blah blah blah (joke) Girl 2: AHAHAHAHA -looks up every word in the joke- See this is my life
come ill play jaymu86
Biden knows he's on TV, right?
I'm out here having foursomes with me , her , Molly and Mary
Today's scores 7-3 over #Inferno and 18-2 over #MuffinTops Good day of softball overall :) ready for tomorrow! :)
It's funny how untruthful some people are, and then you find out so much about them.
Huge thanks to those in the #minicauldron for helping push ours guys to victory!
Survived all three days of the hunger games....aka
lol thank you!
Director of Park Service, Jon Jarvis, cannot think of time when he hasn't had a bike and tried to ride in each park he's worked in.
I know, I'm bad about it lol. things are cool here-when are you gracing us next with a production?
great review!!!!
omg hahah run in with Pat Sharp #classic that's so funny
Man do i miss that californian sticky icky.
A dream is a wish your heart makes..
i am too....haha
good luck giirl they will look fabulous
Thanks! You're not far behind(:
RT : Amazing that Twitter now gets as many API calls as Google gets searches (both ~3 billion/day according to public statements)
I Capture the Castle, Dodie Smith.
Ted says he is perfect. A perfect asshole and a dick
i hope she'll be ok.<3
thanks :D i have another one but i have to wait till tomorrow to put it up :/ so whats up?
Your tweets got me in a "Joyful Joyful" mode...keep 'em comin!!
I'm not a vegetarian! I'm a dessertarian!  Bill Watterson
MO' MONEY MO' BOTTOMS
In other news I spotted a Pileated Woodpecker this morning wailing away on the bark of a tall oak. Simply beautiful.
good morning love!
If you are going to do something do it right the first time
I should have tagged you when I mentioned innuendo. #hello #andHappyValentinesDay :)
girl i been tweeting yuu!! LOL
Best thing above yesterday's game, 45k people in the crowd thowing up the T after the walk off. Ah gotta love it!!!!
Just wrote my first ever video treatment. A lot of work for a 2 minute video. But so worth it. & : Get ready.
Yes! I have actually been here a while, but not doing the Belltown thing. This is way more fun!
You will never stumble while on your knees praying.
haha! Poor #JohnStewart, this song is not in his key!
RT : Yea! ... Pumped up to meet Juan from and at for a nice cold one!
I selected that sentence because it's such a big truth (in general)
why do you promote race wars just to hold power? Why do You want innocent people to die?
Get it. That sounds delightful. RT : Making paella on the stovetop. Also, wine.
Your special
Sorry about the bad news, RT Thou shall never drink Mike's Hard Lemonade
Thanks for supporting us in the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands :D We didn't win... but can you really say we're hard rock anyway?
word. And that's what matters!
: Thanks for the RT Melissa! Have a wonderful weekend!
don't you mean...#YouKnowShesADumbAss when she tats your name on it. NEVER GET A MAN/WOMANS NAME ON YOU.
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH AND GUESS WHO'S PLAYING JASON???
Make sure to follow I see u looking good.
LOL! Not true! Today I made a point to RT your non-risque tweets. I just can't get any credit, smh... :-)
Come on
She definitely is "D"! I haven't herd from her in 2 weeks
1 point puts us back on top. Thank God
I did...waiting for my response miss
well you are :)
Peeps over thinking Romney's campaign and decisions. What he really needs to do is #gothirdperson like Newt. Peeps like that.
Everybody scared to be a
First .. I order new clothes hahaha :D
You continue to me. just change that my son asked me if i may just thought it out, already.
Alyssa Milano is running tonight... I'm pretty sure thet plan on letting Tony Danza take over tomorrow, then Judith Light on Saturday
finally got some time to listen to the new pod cast! Made my morning a little more bareable
THANKS MOM!!!!
At the 2010 #WHCD, President Obama threatened the Jonas Bros. with Predator Drones if got the wrong idea about Sasha or Malia. Really.
San Antonio's trusted name in t-shirt & custom apparel screen printing & embroidery. Hit us! You'll love the prices, turn time & service.
"Like" the Rock With Barack Facebook page! *ad
Jen, the trip to the lodge was every bit as beautiful as everyone said. I was great. Now, rest and then an early flight home.
And that's why you always leave a note!
...that women are attracted to Catholic priests because priests are untouchable, or unreachable, or inviolate, or something like that.
I'd give my life for her I'd gamable it all away just to be with her nobody i dont want to love anyone else but u just u
Tomorrow at about 11
Agreed. Chiobani has ruined all other yogurts for me
Thankful that has decided to join me in my cozy corner of Herman B. at 2:45am. Better late, then never I say.
#FollowFriday Because the arts need your help to survive!
I'M A PART OF #MindlessTwerkTeam LETS GO #TeamPrince lol we out
the 2012 Dodge Challenger = sex on wheels. i won't rest till i get that car!
Another great evening at the track... Not to hot, not to cold, and perfect for motorcross!
Ely's Coach looks like he is wearing a Cross Colors jacket
Faaaack. Just busted 18th. Only paid 15 spots. I suck.
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted. - David Bly
J key not functioning correctly. Things are not well in the land of
I Miss Him :( #NowPlaying---> "Talking To The Moon" By Bruno Mars...
I'm really focused on getting that job!
The Miller Lite Vortex Bottle helps you pour your beer faster. And to think, all this time Ive been depending on gravity like a caveman.
Had to turn in my original BU ID from Aug 05 cuz the strip didn't work right any more. A little sad about that.
Good luck! I just NOW got mine back...
Work your fingers to the bone, what do you get? Bony fingers!
hope we can connect soon!
Exhausted. Baby is asleep and I just want to sleep.
ya to be honest all I really need is fox soccer channel lol
I HATE THIS SCHOOL!!!!
Boyfriend just came on my roommates shuffle #fate I might cover it just so I can say #fondont & see who notices :P
Bout to get my Tan on!! :)
i wanna have beers and pronounce everyone's name right with
"Like" this post if your are browsing Facebook on a PC right now!
thanks for joining!
Come on, now! Real wind doesn't start until 30mph. Then continues until it gusts at 75mph. #WestTexasFistbump (;
i love yhu bookie keep ya head up dude.....#teambreezy BITCH!!!!!!
thanks for following :) keep in touch!
We MUST get a stop here
It's the first day of summer school! I am happy to take a break and do all my summer projects.
: Have you ever listened to "Erotica"? Me: Probably with my mom.
Thanks for supporting Fat Fancy!! Keep rockin sister!! Fat Solidarity!!
my dad said I was crying in my sleep... Omg lmao I had a dream that Liam proposed to me. Oh lord.
Women an cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
prom being next friday and i still dont know how to do my hair, my make-up, and i still have to buy my accesories :O
I'd rather listen to Mitt sing than talk.
thanks for the follow!! =]
Why, why, why is there a used diaper on the street. Why! Ugh barf.
I didn't get the #PRSSASDSU exec position, but it's coo.
wait, what? more info!
- The question is, did ACORN form another organization to acquire the ACORN assets and continue the radical left agenda?
its cold outside .
RT : Two days until our "Hidden Cincy" issue hits newsstands. What are your favorite hidden spots?
Audition for SAG National Comm on Tuesday.
Thank you And thanks for being a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
#shoutouts #teamfollowback followed you back bro
You guys should have brought some back for me.
. I did a lot of soul searching, but couldn't bring myself to vote against , in #fakeaccount for
Today I drove my car and got a parking ticket ($32.00). Sometimes *having* a car sux.
It is always wise to do your research before you present yourself as an expert!
Thanks for following! :)
The progress I made this week took me off guard; Lesson: the microscopic steps forward DO matter even if it seems like they don't
it doesn't matter which one, they're pretty much the same thing. I just know mines called photo grid & it was free hahahaha.
Very welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app
cool. Did MTV call u yet?
please feel better asap! :)
"You know those hangover pills you can order on TV? I threw up a bunch of them this morning. I feel much better."
is all over my tl
#continental, I could not agree more with orig staff. Funny how handy computers are. Staff insisting on 3 forms of plastic ID? Not so much
Satrapi: when I write a female character I have an unconcious censorship b/c I think ppl will read it as being abt me. with a man, I am free
(:that's the first time I've ever heard that. Thanks I guess
Well the meeting with Admin this morning gave us crumbs. Sullivan wasn't even there... She's in Richmond. Lobbying for a #LivingWage? idk.
I have Echofon as well, but prefer to use Twitteriffic.
squeezing in requests for tours & talks
nice to hear from you! Miss you also.
I miss you too...Im doing ok. How are you doing? I have a bday..coming up...You and Kenny should come. Its next Friday.
tonight! Come out!
have a nice night.
True that! When r your upcoming trips? RT : What's poppin ? The season is here! About time 4 #chipsandskitrips!
Thanks so much for the follow :)
Good morning everyone! Just one more week till our headlining show at Peabody's so make sure you get your tickets! You also get a free Ep!
please reply i love u
practice slow to play fast
too much to list!
There's still time! Register FREE for Design Institute on 11/11. Great ideas for that new library you've been dreaming of...
Seeing small good changes within myself & it makes me feel better about myself... i actually have my summer planned out
you know shit was spectacular, when a nigga uses the word spectacular
In the words of Gary Nevile, o unbelievable!!!!!!!
Some cunt just beeped at me and scared the shit out of me. Go fall out of your jeep
Very fun!
If anything, shows how much team has changed. Can you imagine if that happened 5-8 years ago? Yikes!
im craving some korean soup!!!!!
I can't fuck with hoe niggas, I can't trust these hoes either
when they try to help me with these problems
Breakfast, eh? Saluting our friends to the North with the MONT TREMBLANT -Char-griddled Canadian Bacon, Egg, Maple Fromage Blanc.
are you guys already at home in bed with headaches? Cause we are!
Doesn't the DC figure suggest the limitations of per cap income as an indicator?
BONES Episode tonight featuring "Hatfields & McCoy" type storyline set in... yup! West Virginia!
He wouldn't stop launching things at me with a rubber band.... 
Nice meeting you as well!
my bad it was raining
such great news - doesn't get any better than that - bet you've been counting the days to pass that 1st trimester milestone
Nobody to go to the dance with tomorrow O-O Like always.
hey everybody :D
did you eat before you worked out? Such as chicken or tuna?
Emma Green (COL'12 ) will share Religion & Democracy: A Conversation with Tocqueville, Weber, and Habermas
Finally home from Nashville! Made the Fashion Show & Got 2 spend time with a friend and spluge on shiner and pizza at Sams!
#ThingsIAlwaysAvoid girls that are hot and funny, but say they like Gross!
GL to and all my buds in day 2 of the
Kevin Durant is still the MVP.
great video!
That. Is. Incredible.
Thinking about
but can still be sued for copyright even if follow CC, etc. difference is you can prove independent invent. Not in patent.
Badgers are pretty bad!! Stop recruiting in state!
I wonder who will be my first follower; probably someone with "auto follow", tell me if I am right.
Gotta pick it up!!!
Help i am still getting your account cannot perform this action error tried logging out, tried clearing cache need HELP HELP
needs to start texting me again:)
I know same here! #iwishmygirlwasasleep but yes I am
#BieberOnTheVoice He is amazing and very blessed in the looks department(;
What is a witch's favourite TV show?Lifestyles of the Witch and Famous!
Oh, dear. Am I the only one who dreads the day after Mother's Day? You know, when we have to resume the cooking and cleaning?
This is going to be a fun project - so many amazing peeps the hard part will be figuring out who to start with!
oh hell no you just not called me a fatass! efff youu >.< & you're not gonna eat it so why waste it? (x
Also I didn't know that Zosia Mamet played Peggy's cool lesbian friend on Mad Men. This has been the Zosia Mamet Newshour with Jim Lair-ah
Hate I cry so easily...fuckin bullshit now I gotta fix this shit...wish I woulda known in the beginning
but you will wait LOL haha damn I'm funny
Why is Walmart so thick right now
I can't even make a simple web page for myself without having an existential crisis.
Yes. RT : Seriously??? RT : Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
:) What will you be celebrating?
Well, that's kinda how I'm doin' it! The company would be nice and warm, though! :-)
that's bad? I've always got a brew on the go!
Rimini Street Triples New Client Sales Bookings for Oracle Applications
Come play social bocce ball on federal hill park this summer more details at baltimorebocce.com
You faggots are so indirect w/ each other, SHUT UP AND DATE ALREADY! Fuck yall irritate me w/ ur constant tweeting
. eh? I'd like to meet him. Why don't the two of you stop by the SCDP offices sometime.
tomorrow speeches :/ cant really say how i feel .
I'll find some somehow
Fuck.me. So sick right now.
Dallas missed 2 chances to tie it up, J Terry missed 2 3's... Thunder win. Up 2-0
Seriously. If I were more coordinated, there would be backflips.
RT : ITS #FREESEING IN ST LOUIS!!!!
Andy Shallal of #busboys&poets takes the stage
My Birthday needs to get closer so I can see Polkaboy in concert! Cool Creek Concert Series
Real eyes Realize Real Lies.
I got 4 days and the school still got my phone , dm me your number
my cousin pepe told me you could pass your GED test by answering C for all the questions.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
are you going to hoot festt?
Yeah this is the kinda stuff that makes me want to do AmeriCorps or work for the Red Cross.
I put that weed in the air and pass it now thats ally oopin..
Only cause people bring it out tho
Wear all BLACK 4.30.2012 to commemorate the Fall of Saigon
Verdict in trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, accused of manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death, to be read at 4 p.m. ET
E-Portfolios: Students are already making these portfolios without the support of faculty. How can we support those who aren't?
Happy Easter :)
I see one on Barron just east of Lamar a couple of times a week. Flip 'em off and drive on!
Cant go wrong with Alan Jackson's 34 number ones
What's up fam? Let's catch up sometime. RT : Shoutout to Boris305 that's my big cousin right there follow him!!
This biweekly happening is to dedicated coupon clippers what the full moon was to Druids.
RT : Forget Cinco de Mayo come celebrate 's bday on 5/5 starting at 7ish! Let's do this!
17 year old just headed to the river with "the boyfriend". Should I be worried?
Good job drummers - that was a fun party. See ya next year, Debbie!!
 Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female's trait..
--->stop tryin' to sell me stuff<---
YEAH!! Haha I liked it with Ben Bailey...now it's not as fun xD
At the needle and thread. I love a good cocktail. is approaching critical mass.
Thanks to for being follower #1,000!
please follow me :) ily
Walk it back, Joe. Walk it back.
AKs into morons AA for almost all my chips
"THE MONEY SHOT BABY" twitpic.com/88rw0h BY FOR FEAT:
Which &#39;Pauly D Project&#39; Crew Member Makes You Laugh Out Loudest?
LOL! Yeah, you're right!
nothing good happened today beside's seeing my girls!
Studying for finals. <<<< ugh. This is boring.
- the conservative position would be to privatize or at least localize education and get the Govt out of the way
"Just slap your labia repeatedly for the duration of the song." -'s Choreographer
don't forget about the old ass whipping I use to give u
watching y&r on dvr ...... And it's Tucker Time lol
unless you want to hear my dad bitching then come
Tech review app does not allow edits to prepackaged tweets. To share u must switch to twitter app or push send now. Just sayin.
Yall will always get it first ...
 man get like that. I'll be damn.
- laying groundwork for my first. Altruistic web app for ppl helping one another and strengthening their community. What's up?
It's me, it's my choice, it's my life... What can you do about it? Nothing. So why worry about it?
I'm beat.
Whatever then, it's cool.
Awesome interview with #karmin on #johnjayandrich!! Love their music!! anyone else!?
Twitter Got Boring For Some Reason -___-
Just wanna tell my hubby Gn & I love You! 
do it, the guy pissed me off like you have never seen low cut jeans before?
didn't realize I was an advocate of the Oxford comma until I read your twitbio and looked it up!
Jonas LA was amazing
you're on my "I love you" list!
MM..more later..
Troy often reminds me of someone great, but since he's a sworn enemy, I won't say who.
Most attractive person i following 
Clocked out now going home !!
: The difference in this game. Rebounds and free throw attempts. Incredibly one sided in those categories! and "fouls"
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
Thank you !
need a follow
Seriously, what next?
At Mariners opening weekend with the gang. Show 'em some sweet chin music!
stank booty girl!
What store?!
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Making some kim chi. I took a picture, but it looks like spaghetti from a can...
SHOT in the DARK! Photo SHOOTS! You and yours at night! SPECIAL PRICING!
Very thankful my wife picked me up from the side of the road today. Especially knowing she had better things to do.
Do all the interns get a nerf gun, or do they have to share one?
I love a man with a hairy chest.....
Good luck ! xoxo
hey girl. Laura from the bgc here. I need to connect with you about the running team logo. Message me a new email address?
Another month bites the dust.
You'll soon have the chance to win a John Deere tractor and to meet BonfireJam PB artist, ! Thanks, Smith Tractor Company!
you're going to have to text it to me. For some reason I'm "forbidden" to see the pic.
Hey #SimmonsWomen! Want to be on the radio. Email us to find out how:
ugh did u leave already????????
Fairfield, Connecticut bound for the weekend to visit and Entering Stags country.
You'll find me at the gym early tomorrow morning..
in the JFK game, the defense didn't allow a point. BS scores came on kick return and a fumble return. FYI Bruce lost big.
At the crime scene LOL
RT : Now that we all agree contraception is a bad idea, let's take a harder look at electricity and soap.
thank you beauty:-)
We'll be right over!!
AV fest and at the cubby bear this saturday. Never a dull moment.
38 and a 1/2 school days left :D
Thank you :)
i just love u so much you like a brother!!!
Ok, thanks.
Our Holiday party is on Friday!
I heard a rumor that is going to be at Smith rock this weekend. Anyone know if there's truth to this?
What up tonite
GMAIL!!! I NEED YOU
Whew! Very nice ;)
40 Paintings down, 10 more to go! Show starts December 1st :)
Oh Santa Barbara, your temperate weather and ocean breezes are brilliant. Totally needed today.
in a super good mood but idk why cause i'm just chilling home alone... maybe that's it lol. i love being alone :)
when I'm 18 :P
I love you , flaws and all <3
You can get lost in conversation.
i see nothing sometimes, nothing but rhymes...
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
Right! I did rotten stuff as a teenager, too. You need to own it if you're going to grow beyond it.
We are in the process of finalizing new show dates and will post ASAP so keep watching our tour page on the website. Thanks!
btw you and J must get on Words w/ Friends- you can download it free from the app store! It's like digital, improved Scrabble.
Hey there, how is the weekend looking for you?
not good..does anyone know who it was?
today was a shit day
ok if it is a #KO, in the 6th. Mayweather winning!
I'm sad. is not following me and she haven't seen the pic i made for her :(
Is there a way to do a literal event in #fantastical? Like "Bob in NYC" without the event changing to Bob and location being NYC?
what do you think of the health care bill released today?
is there a deduction if you do? If so I may join ya. Im still procrastinating
Our digital collections are dark today at #internetarchive in support of anti- #SOPA #PIPA but brick-and-mortar #prelingerlibrary is open
": thanks for the info" -no prob! ^_^
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Money long it match the numbers in my social
seriously girl I would. But my apt doesn't have that kind of access and I have no pool. I have to rely on friends.
Do protestors actually think they'll be respected when they block traffic downtown? It's like a child who lays down and kicks to get candy.
Menander~ The man who runs may fight again.
Just posted my story to the forums! (Heat 5: Little Red Strings). I'll look for yours to give you feedback.
Best title for a journal article that I've seen all day: "Unfortunately, It Is a Bit More Complex: Reflections on ."
my dad is a huge fan. He's recovering from surgery. Could you could send him a get well tweet that I can share. His name is Bob
In the studio putting finishing touches on the new album...
i need new talkin buddies !!
it's nice to know you guys are dog friendly there.
One-third of voters are not watching live TV - spans all parties and ages.
"Sometimes, Later is Soon Enough."
Ladies and gentlemen, I give the Pants Dance
"Like" this status if you are excited for the New Year!
can I have a follow? Just turn that button Blue!
Wow what a nite!!!!! I'm still feeling the aftermath!!!
nope, I'm going to do the whole "Dances with squirrels thing"
Why dont bitches ever tie their shoes?
I'm excited for tomorrow.
Students at the path throwin up Greek signs. Ran in the office and grabbed my pen with my MacBook on the side of my hip
Holy shit lightning right in front of me.  :'(
same here!!!!
Good to see you on Twitter! (Now send me some mediations... ) ;o)
& THAT is how you do a superhero movie! The best one ever, your move Nolan & Webb!
I know it's sounds ridiculous, but any chance we'll ever see Spartacus outtakes?
hahaha #paper!!!! I hope I didn't leave my light on again lol
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I would have dump him that second idiot
Online classes are horse shit
Of course the day I get to sleep in is the day it rains INSANELY loud and wakes me up even earlier than I usually have to wake up for work..
was on sale at Target last week so I tried it and now I'm hooked!! Reasonably priced as well and awesome flavor!!
Nokia Shows Off Flexible Mobile Device of the Future [VIDEOS]
That awkward moment when you're giving her your all, going balls deep & she still doesn't make a sound.
Tuesday is here, are you setting up an outbound campaign or telesale center? Call us to get help 866.460.6611
Thanks! We appreciate it!
I swear if he doesn't shut up.....
#whosgonnalose in an hour - which two teams will lose in the playoffs today
The Coolest thing is talking to people you would never meet in person... lol Kinda funny how a few words can make you or break you.
Yo I had a great time skating wit my cousins and we had a blast and i only fell 3 times
thank you for the heads up!
we're so old. granny fans~
Need to be swimming or doing something productive right now.
Hey, Chattanooga! Come on out to JJ's Bohemia right now and check us out! Great lineup of bands tonight.
I wanna meet and greet you <3
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Because every last student deserves the chance to follow her passions.
We are www.hairinthecity.me and we are waiting for the observant eye to discover us.
Fact checking and follow up questions over Twitter: Journalism in the 21st century. :
I've changed. I'm not the same girl you used to know a couple months ago.. So when you come back don't think I'll take you back again.
Your start-up which provides work for those with #Aspergers sounds amazing. Make a video telling your story
Watching spongebob before church
Jake: let's make a movie! Me: ok what's the movie called? Jake: Legend of the Bad Guy! No- Behind the NASCAR Race! (Love that imagination.)
I just started. It took me awhile to see that it was possible.
So happy Xtina's team didnt win..shes annoying!
Zaxbys is Nasty!!
I'm scared to try my scorpian lolipop lol.
Its actually not freezing in 203 central today
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold. I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
Head over to the Wynn to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Omg just keep talking -.-t
Putting finishing touches on NNES/Error/Ideology paper for Penn State; realizing finishing touches really means "better read this again."
Twitter i know I've been gone. I'm back!!!!
maybe afraid of ending up a mid major? Big 12 down to 10. SEC getting bigger.
5 days of school, filled with exams and finals. #YEEE :( 
Who wants some stickers!?
I'm going to lull myself to sleep listening to the
Just watched "Chronicle". Not bad apart from the teen aspect to it. Nice to see familiar Seattle places :-)
omg you were on "new girl" the episode is on right now.
thank you for the kind words!
congrats on the new iPhone! Welcome to the family :)
we did not mean to be exclusionary. That section is from our sister site & not sure why it was picked. I will pass on your note!
I'm only a little nervous right now.
Jasper won't cuddle with me 
I know I haven't heard anything about it.
Up early. Glad to be feeling and doing great :-)
#gym then home to relax
Cheers to you !
mr. b (colleen's dad) just said "cus i'm so attractive i'd get swarmed" when asked why he was in long sleeves.
better losing by one than six or seven points
save time and money click the link on my profile i have everything target does. Lower prices free shipping
I want to go! But I don't think I can make it. #Vegas has me in its grasp...
Other revelation: Rochberg Sonata for my competitions/Junior Recitel is FUCKING HARD
Hood General '$ the MIXTAPE IN THE STREETS hustlemane901on youtube check it out !
Good morning. Twitter
Good morning everyone! Still tired 
Where I wanna be.
In a moment I will be soaring high above all the bottom feeders.
Republicans aren't going to applaud the idea of more American jobs? Honest to God? Wow.
Well, that happened.
twitter is legit babe!!!
S/O to all my #TeamTexans followers Sunday is D day
he meant to say
Norwegian Cruise Line Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
takes one to know one...I got you :)
- Great article. I married a black woman, big wakeup for a white man seeing your children judged by skin color
Gonna try to get some more stuff up in my Etsy shop today and tomorrow...
oh wait that was the second video that was recorded for the song my bad
I am hip
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER MISS EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
Who needs a table for this weekend?? I have killer bottle specials for the next couple weeks to help celebrate that special night out :)
Tomorrow marks my 20th year attending #SIFF. Two decades of love, sex, tears & bloodshed. And, of course, some films.
. applauds the president's decision to support same sex marriage
has lion eyes...
although he says he won't brag... did win, handily in Scrabble.
Thank you for your support Marcella! We are getting so close to our goal!!
the only thing thats gonna #EVOLVE is my boner when the new single comes out
WOW! They just keep coming!
Mr. Smith gave a speech about boring professors while I was sleeping.
"One in four Americans are RETARDED"
A girls most beautiful smile tells her saddest story...<3
god, i'm so messed up in the head. i need help :/
not sure how to share 6 hours worth of folk, rock, worship & rap. Nor should I...
lol I could never hate you
Join us this weekend for #Earthday at the lots of Food Trucks, great music and more
Fleury went to make the kick save and kicked right into Briere. Briere did not interfere with Fleury though.
I just wanna move already ! ! !
Well, my work computer just died on me I think.
feel better soon Kat.
Failure is an option. So, have good partners in crime. Growing in a new job comes down to relationships
come get one from me!
We gave them matchup problems even when they were fully healthy.
Did you find out why he was crossing the road? That's important research.
Twitter suggests I follow Oprah/Taylor Lautner/American Airlines/Joe Biden. Answer: Umm no/I'm not 14, or a girl, no/Seriously? No/Hell no.
I'm only smokin on weekends wen school starts bak....
you can't prove that
Final preparations for the expo in Tyson's today!
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick"
RT : Who just got cast in 2 indie films??? This guy!
my dad dead tryna unconvince my aunt to come with me to campout for justin like STFUUUUUUU
DO IT! He is just being Nate right now.
RT: : All people want is $$$ & im so tired of it. For real. <~~ SO damn true, sadly.
it's so awesome to see your + 's work come together!!! i'm excited to help out w/ it eventually.
working on some stuff.
happy to have you! Go
The environments getting worse, yet humanitys doing better than ever. What gives?
If u see how i act at home u wouldnt recognize me
Yeah, Mila reminds me of Emma Stone from Easy A
Yes, John Lauber at Cranbrook. All the other boys involved remember the incident but ol' Mitt. Imagine that.
it would be better if we were playing well, it's horrible! Miss ya mr smith
Ugh! This freakin electricity!
It`s a beautiful day! w.nathanseth.com
Have you to tried Robbie's HOMEMADE COOKIES & CREAM? You'll go cookoo for it!
In San Antonio. Cool place. Just had some excellent mex food!
Also, Andrew Bynum to be named Punk Supreme RT: AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday."
platitudes are disingenuous and honesty is appreciated. People are more resilient than pop psych gives credit for.
96.2% of my friends are natural. Sorry, folks. It ain't happening.
Its not in my bloodline to be #Jealous.....Nevea been
Follow me n i'll follow bck tryn to c how u do twitter
Man /Your place or mine?/ Woman /Both. You go to yours and I ll go to mine./
agreed! I did that too!
Ok, I will rewrite mine when I get done with my homework.
April 19? And they're looking for witnesses now?
did you catch our set??
O, so awesome!
Just dropped off some new footage at crib.. Can't wait to see what these guys stir up.
: "Every man mistakes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world." Schopenhauer
Making moves! Don't be stagnant! Call 410.513.9199 about our promo specials!
U2 madness. Not going, but at campus for the party.
"Evil triumphs, when good men do nothing"
Shiiiiiit! My farts smell so bad
One of those nights were I'm awaken from a nightmare & will not be sleeping at all for the night .. Someone text me please!
i'm in wisconsin and the weather isn't half as good. right now we have a temp of 30 degrees! wish i was in
How wonderful!!! Will you share a picture or two later?? I've never been to England. I'm working today, but that's happy (:
#That akwardmoment when your principal curses _
- amazing. Simply amazing.
The problem is going to be motivation. Nothing motivates the #GOP like fear-based social issues.
haha! Didn't see it until after, and then I didn't really care if it copied. Whoops!
I'm now Website Architect/User Experience Analyst for the UMN Libraries. Rolls right off the tongue, I know, but I'm pretty excited.
how intense!!!
Fleet Foxes are no joke live.
do you have any samples? got a mixtape coming soon that needs a cover designed
I think it's like the Piano (the movie) -- people either think everything happens or nothing happens. I think the latter.
Love it! I'm anxiously awaiting "Push Play"
's data shows that Mitt Romney's running mate should be Rubio if he picked now. Neat, I wonder how data will change
-- OH lord, I am right there with you! I think about what the characters would be doing/where they are! It's a little insane.
your fine know matter what!
RT : Our goal is to have all continents covered with AWS regions -
Neither a wise not a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him ~ Dwight D. Eisenhower
Knox county is represented well on 40 west today
it's 11:11 you should follow me and make my wish come true!!
The Euro Crisis Has Entered A Dangerous New Phase via
- like your site. We are on the same page!
Obama = politically INCORRECT
Wang Chung time
hahaha right? it was...interesting. he seems much cooler now that he's not my teacher though!! LOL
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Butler GUM Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Its strange how life throws u a curveball wen u feel everything going down the drain god throws u a lifeline.
Fitting end to 12 hour travel day. Rental car desks close at midnight. We landed at 1am. (sigh)
: Austin, we all love and support you.. You know.. Never say never, you are an inspiration for me! Xlove
Omg these 2 bitches in my class have got to have thee most annoying laughs ive heard in awhile, sounds like sponge bobs laugh on crack x1000
good morning Thomas<3(: Happy #TMoneyTuesday !
#FF ::: Need beats, graphcs, studio time, mixtape covers? GO FOLLOW>>>
ravins at Monroe dude I was hoping thEy wouldn't get him
Totally agree! Just funny hearing her learn it :)
00 value) Beauty Tips for a New You ($29
That is a fantastic show and have watched it since the beginning. I think you'll love it!
Everyone in my life is losing their fucking minds
Cool! I thought it was the Mucky Duck, looking at the show it's across from the Addison Market so I knew it was close. Thanks!
can't believe this time next year ill be living in my own place FOR GOOD and working as a nurse
Can Bob McAdoo still play?
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 16.
too funny. Geeking out by example.
Zip out to Atlas Performing Arts Center for Pasties&Popcorn this weekend. First 5 Zipsters to stop by our office get 2 free tics.
A scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby? 's students give their take at 10:15 tonight!
It breaks my heart to leave you far behind and it breaks me up to leave so suddenly
Me and annie just triend hot sause flaroved pickles!!! nasty!!
Excellent! Sharing our products with any group, no matter the size, always helps! Thanks!!!
Andy fuckin carroll
Go see movies by yourself. Healthier.
#nce11 Alan November: most imp. Knowledge in classroom questions of students
Follow me on
Now you tell me what sense that make
Headed 2 Mingle Bells soon! Join Hampton Roads professionals @ Red Star in Town Center VB! Is going?
Steve Jobs bio talks about focus. One big thing at a time. Storytellers need to be able to dive in and not come out until done.
you can not blame me!
Lol, I would man, but I really can't.
Dance show tonightt(:
: damn straight you will!
hello :-) What u doing tonite x
he deserves that injury
We'd sure like to work with on their website. They have a sweet mobile app and a powerful brand.
hey i saw your profile on the list! I place devs in nyc. I have a cold fusion role! I'd love to connect w/ you!
shark tank!
Thanks for the follow! You sounds like our kind of tweeter!
Good afternoon ALPFA Milwaukee, Don't forget about our Walmart Leadership Event tonight at 7:00 pm in Lubar room N440.
his total lack of any ability to shoot jump shots or foul shots is a major problem. Seems like he could cure that w/ practice.
Good Morning
Im performing at the shrine on the north side of chicago cant wait
had the hey perro wrap! Fantastic and I have lunch for dinner
I just need to get away & clear my mind.....
#10FacebookTips if you tend to update your status every minute, then it's time to get a Twitter.
: I will help you pick up the pieces! That's what I'm here for. I love you! #fuckbitches :) I love you too 
electricity comes from other planets
Latinos in Social Media (LATISM) Takes Over Times Square on Friday, October 28 with a Digital Billboard on the World-Famous Reuters Sign..
When I respect the image of God in others, I protect the image of God in me.Be Blessed Beloved
yes, but if 1 or 2% stay home it's a problem.
re new woodworking, yeah *lots* ;) i'm afraid i'm not much of a photographer, but let me see what I can do to share. stand by ;)
Reconciliation through repentance over justice and purity does not sound like Menno status quo.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 365
i want a shirt like that! where i find one? and of course...HELL YA CORPUS IS READY!!
Maybe I need to write them a sternly worded letter! :)
Final episode of GK today!!! Go watch!!!
Making even more dreams come true...may we help you?
Oh, that's right. Vest is an undershirt there, isn't it? My apologies. Waistcoat. Definitely.
Tonight we are young so lets set the world on fiya! we can burn brightiya! then the sun!
As long as nothing was pureed, you're still OK.
Oh my goodness! Bach's pieces are divine, but always challenging. Are we going to get a listen? Pretty please :)
Yayy I love Christmas break!!! #finally;))
are you sure? I can't tell!!
that's not the ring I saw
I don't know which one to choose!!!!!
Giants parade tomorrow Puerto Rico on thursday
good, 3rd both races
TMMBA Nugget from Day 2: Discuss cases with my wife to improve understanding.
Am I being petty for leaving a note on their car? I just don't like people parking in my parking spot. Now I have to walk 5 more feet
#Nets head coach Avery Johnson is the #Spurs all-time assist leader with 4,474.
whole thing's tumblin' down
Thats Great Barbara..Keep on updating me of such events where we can help!!
RT i just want to be normal.\ except you're a celeb so you can't be. Sorry dude.
Baseball players are tough, especially the Cardinals this season. Still a #Dodgers fan, but major respect to the
T.G.I.F.!!!! Come in tonight and try some of our NEW menu items!! Let us know what you think!! See you here!! ;)
On an individual contact record, go to the call time tab. Give us a call if you have more Qs -- 202-686-9330
It Aint easy to keep on being greasy! Lol!
Glad you did! It was good. I tweeted a lot. I was pleasantly surprised, they gave me a bit of hope. Santana knocked it out.
honestly i'll do anything you want too
Appreciate the struggle cause it's all worth it in the end.
R.I.P. WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!
still a sea of cute dresses @ the Ali Ro #sample sale until 3pm today. Stock now $50, samples $30, Donna Morgan dresses $20-30.
41% of American children are on the free and reduced-price lunch program. Something has to change.
- did this go public?
Treat Yo'Self Day. Every single day.
Time to find out the new NFL schedule this season on ESPN! GO JAGUARS!!! I hear we're getting a Thursday night game...
leopard print, front clasp.
thank you!! Miles 11-13 were not my friend Haha. I now know what to expect though!
Get back in the gym.
7 days without soccer makes one WEAK!
My nonna came to watch, and she was like "you're going to marry one of them" & I was like "Yes Nonna, the one with the curly hair!!"
If you are skipping work to celebrate 420 @ Reggae Fest, bring us in a flask. You'll need it to wash down the brownies.
he must be Scandinavian
u know he lights up my world like nobody else :) <3
Modular mussels = thanksgiving nap 3. + booze combo. Love + love + love
Coming home - This is Zimbabwe
Out of pain derives beauty...if you allow it to be...
RT - I tune into Lingerie Football and I see an RB break two tackles.The miami dolphins should give her a call. Give them two...
people with moustaches scare me..
is AMAZING. just saying,
Did #WalkerFailure record radio speech blaming others for his job creation fail b4 or after he flew to fla on campaign cash grab?
thanks for the follow! I like your blog and your peppermint brownies look super yummy!!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 5
haha. Nice! Any luck?
IL session, prep for meeting on implementing ereader checkout, private ref session with faculty, IL session, ref desk
Yo Cas holla at me when you have a chance. I need to get at you about a track of your
Had a great lunch with and are excited about a joint presentation! Love having great resources to network with!
I most certainly will once they're finished up! Thanks!
Im at the mall
Speaking of, while I was disappointed that you were not in Dayton, I was even more disheartened when Cornette walked by me..
My concern and well wishes go out to Nathan Horton! Hope for a speedy recovery and see ya on the ice!
Who is all on Bascom Hill?!
Aw thanks! Yeah I probably shouldn't be so annoyed by it. It IS nice but some ppl just get on my nerves in general. Haha!
Today is International Day of Awesomeness, which happens to coincide with Chuck Norris's bday. LOL! Celebrate your awesomeness today!
Maybe #ktco should be broadcast at 2x speed :) Twice as smart-twice as fast.
Thanks I really appreciate it...thats a true friend to help me like that. Thanks :]
dont say that! Embrace that shit :) just dont let it run you
Come on beat out those Glassmen!
Only 4hrs of sleep, 20hrs of grinding.
Walk into breezeway, look for cookies&cream shake,they don't have..make a Reese's shake, walk off to pay, I see cookies&cream..Seriously? 
I wonder if COLDPLAY will get voted off American Idol?
Merci Mademoiselle belle... And we had a blast!! Yes we did!!
RT Have you been the victim of a scam by a rental car company? Email to help with a story. Please RT
Listening to three stodgy dudes discussing merchandising at They totally don't get it.
Kristin Cavallari and Ashley Tisdale face off wearing an Alice + Olivia skirt. Who wore it better?
a little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!
the perfect cup of coffee! The dc gov one is good too but I get the sense you want to focus on something more positive
we know Rob has #SweetTooth, he should be on #Foodiechats :)
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
#ImThatPersonWho If I share a piece of cake with someone, let them have the bigger piece.
That's that shit I DON'T LIKE !!!!) Get The Fuck Off My Dick!!!!
what up shorty
Sitting in the the suburban imaging office w/my gf & I'm so disappointed in the WAY overweight staff! PUT THE FORK DOWN!
Pretty sure the kids at recess catch a ball better than the
it was a fun party
ouch that cuts deep
True story. Not being funny. This dude downtown was cussing people out in r&b sing song.
Yea, you going??
That's all just the shit I tweeted after entering phase autotune slime artist formally known as the dogstains
the uniforms have no style. Just like the Seahawks on the field when they flop around trying and failing to win a game.
well why not?!
wiz your tweets are real and you speak the truth! Wiz
Don't understand Mike? It's a great great show - deserves praise - not a fan? Or have not watched?
Hi! thanks for joining me on twitter :)
Out with and Learning some Secrets #Allergic To
It's gorgeous outside, but I'm inside - writing, editing and marketing. I'll stop the prep... when I'm a series regular. ;)
I don't know anything about basketball but the only thing I know is I like Miami heat. So win what you gotta win #heat lol
#boyfriendUK is a worldwide trend CHECK IT OUT NOW!!!!!!!!! #ILOVEYOU #BOYFRIEND IS ON THE RADIO RIGHT NOW TOO WHAT A GD LIFE!
3 a days, huh? what are you training for?
#LakersFans are ghetto.
We're slightly biased, but #Vegas is as epic as it's going to get :)
are you serious?o:
On flt 2 Holly Springs, NC, who thought making people laugh meant getting up at 5am
Man, who needs to be in SD to see the debate when you can be following Omar's twitter play-by-play from Beijing?
Tonight's meeting is cancelled.
Internet laziness*
u need to sit down sum where
i didn't get past the first round unfortunately, smh. Waiting to get my feedback. One to grow on I guess.
Shots shots shots!
Pinterest has become a significant problem for me. "OMG, that is brilliant/delicious/beautiful and I must make/eat/buy it NOW!"
please share the directions. Those sound AmaZing!
see you all soon!
Candles & witches, Love it!!!
#ideas2action mobile Georgetown goes live. Now to "make it awesome".
Snoopy is so funny sitting on the back of the couch and peeking his head through the window blinds to spy outside...
Haha! So would I! :D I'm loving this! They are doing a great job making it look real!
thanks! We'll get to your invite real soon!
Love our new logo? Many thanks to creative folks at Eurie Creative for bringing together a love of science and the style of Vegas.
Packing gear for swimsuit #photoshoots. Salt and sand can kill your equipment if you're not careful.
Hello sir!! GREAT hearing from you stranger! How are you! : hope all is well
that got to out of hand I'm sorry
I miss you & I hate myself for it.
Potions are your best friend in The Witcher 2, use it more often, makes even the toughest of the toughest fights easier than you think
what a precious baby <3
I'm still gonna write books one day... #ThatWoodsArapper & #WeAllPhilosophersThereIsNoTruth is gonna be ready max by 2015...
I still have it. (:
In Ft. Wayne with to support our guys & Good day of basketball ahead.
ur so lucky!!! i hope i get lucky tomorrow for my bus... :-(
you are a real Golden Girl.
you just need a little positivity man.
you would but then again you love everything he does
Aye man you sell bud?
Anything from Dancing Girl rocks! For sure! I can't wait to add to this list! Be sure to let us know when you find one that rocks
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I want to talk to Roxie but BearBear can't speak.
does it involve a snuggie and a cup of milk
No but he's still an upper echelon player capable of winning. He's already won against a good field this year.
Also if u happen to watch the video, look at the last HR and check where the catcher set up n where the pitch went
See what happens when Paul Martin is in the press box?
Madonnas performance is kinda boring!
Awwwhhhhhhhh :) I concur!
most definitely good to "re-meet" you this year!
Will You Peg Me?
Cummin out IM GAY
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Excellent Thomas Crow lecture Tuesday at LACMA's Here and There: Artistic Exchange between Germany and California in the 1970s symposium.
Right! I hate that lol.
Woke up with a bruise on my eyelid...maybe I was kickboxing in my sleep. You shoulda seen the other guy...
Thanks for the RT on our #ypnworkshop next week!
no ones even on
Perry Ellis!!!!!!!!! More blue chips for the hawks...
Rick Reilly is easily the worst contributor to and certainly #Masters. His reports remind me of 6th grade book reports. Awful.
Staying #beautiful is a lesson I have learned from
... I know it's vague and I won't say why. I'm just disappointed in what I just saw on his TL that's all.
I never realized it was gonna be this way. But I guess that's the way it is. That's how it was gonna be. No one can change it. Not even me.
Agreed. gotta wait until the next RBZ model releases and the price drops.
Big day of doing birth certificate applications for homeless people. Please send funding. Best Wishes to All.
RT : Spooky crafts, games, hayrides and the haunted conservatory are at Garfield Park Oct 27 & 28, 7-9pm. Costumes welcome.
I Lovett. Just like Lyle.
not scrawberry hair BOL. Werk Bit I'm coming to the ATL Memorial Day weekend. I hope we can meet.
bitches these days-SMFH
lol I just speak my mind :p
me either!!
Good Luck to all of the SCAQers who are racing Malibu tomorrow!!!
There's snow outside!
Never let anyone bring you down <3
It's on my Xmas list!
RT : If you're planning to #studyabroad this Spring what is ONE thing you want to try in your host country?
Lies O.O !
Thurs happy hour @ Plan B w/DJ Pre-mo is 7:30 to 9:30. come join us for the party before the weekend starts
Just now: Nomad announces to office - "I quit my job!" And receives high fives from everyone.
Honcho lifestyle tip #16 - Stick with the green. Not the black or the grey or any of that other shit.
"Every day is a gift - even if it sucks." Sherry Hochman
"Cee Lo always looks like a nutcase... What the frick is on his teeth? Frickin' freak."- Ma mere while watching the Voice
your ass never texts me either. :o
and kudzu wasn't even native to the south. Been nothing but a disaster since it was introduced.
The dude next to me's poop smells like berries. I ain't even mad bro.
is running against papa bear! If you want the stevekingisms to stop, please give her all of your support and money.
I won't forget, we're never out of coffee, milk or sweeteners :L <3 <3
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
I'm good. Was twitter stalking u. Lmao.
M Super Yummy Breakfast. Slow cooked steel cut oats with, cranberries, blueberries, walnuts, almond milk and walnuts.
#Cowboys are getting
I am so so sorry. Hope you feel better soon !
I agree completely but Bibby is the only true PG left. Douglas (is awful), Smith, and Shump (out) were all combo guards.
There's a difference between loving someone and being IN LOVE with someone.
It's kind of sweet that Plenty of Fish apparently created a dating site specifically 4 meth addicts, truck-stop prostitutes, & rapey dudes.
Hope everyone is having a great Christmas!
Str8 up RT : Err dog has his day...
sleepy time. night. (:
it was the death of me.
Danced to techno last night and my stamina was off the hook! 32 is not a bad look at all!
Posted at tha crib bored af it's raining out here in cali
What are you kidding me why didn't you say anything? I'm so sorry I had no idea but why didn't you say anything? !*)
im on the east
Nothing like Amie's pizza
: My sister is gonna live off my dad for the rest of her lifee lmaoooo oh I'm tellin
dailykos up to their usual high level work w/fakeBobEhrilch twitter account. I smell fear. Maybe the interns shouldn't handle the tweets
Lyon argues that persuasion inherently implies terminus, therefore it is not useful theory for deliberation.
finalized 2 contracts today working on the 3rd. So many contracts for the production business.
Happy New Years!
I feel better now! =)
Play me on Draw Something. I'm "KristenHH"
you owe me a car wash kid...remember? I will bet you that the Lakers will be ONE and DONE!! If no bet I'm driving to L.A.
I don't rule out that I'm wrong about it. :-) I do like some of the poppy Wings stuff, so there you go!
lol i jus had to chug that shit before my computer class
Kelly Clarkson tickets in 15 minutes (around 4:45) with the End of the Workday Giveaway. The game today is Dead or Canadian!!! ~boomer
Kicked my own ass today during animal walk warmups for #DowninthefaceofGod . No dinner = no strength.
A not-so-wild idea: grocery stores should allow their patrons (easy) online access to records of their purchasing behavior
Wth? RT : Herpes RT : Can anyone tell me what these bumps on the downside of my shaft are? 
Tied 4-4, 5 mins left in the game. Goalies dad is dying here!
Listening to some Diggy Simmons before I go to school.
Are you kid enough to suck you moms tits? It wouldn't be so shocking if the kid wasn't wearing pants used in jungle warfare.
Schools over in a week, and my whole year has been ruined.
time is money all gas no lunch breaks ya digg
pssh.. you should ! (x
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting the hard battle.
March is rapidly coming to an end, come and see me , I'm taking a short pause in April.
That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait.
the industry demands quality records. You can expect to get a record deal or distribution if your quality is less than industry standard
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments.
You have a ping pong table right? Next weekend it's on.
At the public library...today it seems like a normal place
I got a great idea for a reality show. It's called "dancing with the people who are actually trained dancers instead of fame whores"
No - no I should not be seeing Rory's boobs. No.
"Osama bin Laden is DEAD, GM is alive!" Two things Pres. Obama took a gamble in accomplishing and Romney was openly opposed to.
The next season already sounds boring. The Salvatore brothers are going to fight about Elena, Elena is going to be all "confused", and Damon
Last nights party was excellent! Next one May 3rd! Fems were beautiful, AG's were sharp! Newark is back!
B/c it's #NFLDraft welcoming a good friend to the Twitterverse even if she is a fan!!!
UNDECIDED WHAT TO COOK FOR DINNER TONIGHT. LOVE TO COOK! ANY SUGGESTIONS?, DM ME.
I thought you said you could always tell when I was joking
Pasona Group Inc. a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3% for its first fiscal quarter.
wow! has their account on lockdown & will confirm you as a friend. I'm from Wisconsin! WTF doesn't Pickles have an account! L_S_D!
i need food, like, bad
Last night I went to the best show I have been to in a while - The Rapture at
Your relationship with God is more important than anything because you know for sure that's a relationship that will last forever.
Just on the grind man, whats the good word?
I Missed Victoria Justice On Ellen :( Anyone Else See It?
God put them here for us to enjoy them. Even in a shit mood boobies make me feel better.
just watched that one last week. Didn't love, didn't hate. But, yes, lots of awkward situations going on.
Perfect two being stuck in my head >>>>
Why do all really old people wear pants like 6 sizes too big. Dude is dressing like MC Hammer up in Pontillo's.
An escort service applying for a liquor licence is based out of a home off McCarran Boulevard.
JP Morgan Chase has lost 19 Billion dollars in value since Friday ... glad I skipped that stock purchase ... :l
1st contest: I will give a stadium baseball of your choice to the 100th person to sign up on our new facebook page: 'unforgettaballs'
it's at the YMCA in penfield. They have an outdoor one too. Love that gym!
How my dads buying me a bottle of peach ciroc
I'm not even drunk! Just lured in by this not-available-in-Chicago franchise. Okay...tipsy.
": I can remember when I was just a freshman in college now I'm about to be a junior time is flying!!!"
Aww. Thanks buddy! I can give you a ride to the hospital after!
We provide therapy for adults with-Anger Management issues.
We'll be there Feb 15! I think its rained our two previous visits, so hoping for a sun-filled view. But, it's always beautiful
im following lol
Elle Varner not too bad..
even back then you were hot!!!!!
women have left the #GOP ... Sick of misogynistic sexists ... Look elsewhere
It sounds crazy, but CSAs are great ways to get fresh organic veg all summer long, and some do payment plans.
Great to meet you at Luster Pearl this week. Looking forward to chatting again soon in Boulder. Cheers!
Hey and , go meet each other and be friends! I'm bridging my Wooster and Rhodes families, one meeting at a time!
Book A Star for your Next Event
Good morning! RT if you're hitting the gym today!
I wont everyones telling me that im keep it Cool n Dre Fam RT : well whtevr u do, dont gt arrested lol
thanks so much.
#Embargo never fails on a Friday. Too much fun.
Did you know that you can refinance even if you owe more than your house is worth? We can help, call us today!
Ion even wanda fuck these hoes no mo all I wanda is the top
It would be fun just to go through the experience lol! How are you doing? Long time no tweet :)
Just retweeted my official John Varvatos promo video everyone watch it!!
hell yea morning hustle is right. Bring on the day ill kick its ass.
Happy Memorial Day!
Sensenbrenner apologizes for making inappropriate comments about First Lady's rear end.
but that's all the way in Canada
getting hit in the ribs at practice ...
Experts in digital marketing in Argentina? See for
yo i followed them
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER THANKS FOR #following back
We're on our way to rehearse Debussy and Wagenseil with harpist Ursula Holliger!
no idea, but sure sick.. RT : What do you think he's doing with the hair?
Wrap day 2; didn't rain, but we were pummeled by 40mph winter winds. Can't be perfect, but it was close. Best cast & crew that Oregon has!
I'm officially challenging for the title of
Whatever God brings you to.. He will bring you through. 
DON'T TEXT ME, PLEASE! My phone's battery is fucked up and won't even fit in my phone anymore :P
He has got to use it before he looses it!
bumping down the road in full tennis gear listing to Lil Jon. You go shorty!
<3 love you to
Oh, , I'm with you in spirit and also sitting in this horrible mess! Stay sane.
- thanks for connecting with me - look forward to your insights.
ur a very special person to me. i love u with all my heart, ive been a fan since day 1 and ill always be one. :)
This is my argument
Hi Delli! Happy Wednesday!
RT : "Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want." - Jim Rohn
Went to presentation on Sakai. Next week edvance360 is presenting. Anyone know anything pro/con for either? How about Moodle?
muchos underwear! and a bonita of course
#FW because I can't wait for a #FF for her :) Yes, she's that cool!
yo JVR can I get a RT for a huge Flyers fan living in Maine? I'm at every PHI game in Boston and go to a couple games in PHI!
that would be a cold day in 2 hells- theirs AND mine (unless company gets sold again....the local non-corporate folks are my family)
ugh that sucks so much huh lol
as a philosopher are you a dualist or a materialist?
TOMORROW NIGHT! Hometown Release Show in Jacksonville, Texas! Tell your friends and be there! Doors open @ 6!
two step tuesdays lead to sleepy wednesdays
Still up watching soulfood can't sleep
The whole DHS population can kiss my ass! Fuck that school. I'm glad I'm leaving in 2 weeks.
small business marketing on the rise at Talkbiznow.com.
(we call that move "pulling a ")
Huntsman: Greater transparency in Chinese politics today
Hey, I'd uh, take offense to that... if it weren't true.
Live life a lil damn this your only one...
Just keep spinning just keep spinning
#sha2012 better not miss Vaccaros pastry!
Check out our blog on Family Get Togethers today! #specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
Where can I buy Pacers season tickets?
Lazy Sunday afternoon with my favorite kiddos.
Lmfao a year ago I was one of those ppl to say I'm not sharing personal information online. (so I never did)
is proud to be fresh meat (a rookie) in the Rocky Mountain Roller Girls league in Denver, CO. What a great community of women!
I deleted the tweeted realizing that there is no thing as a stratocaster bass. It's a Jazz. It looks like a strat but bassier.
HA! How do I get myself in peril so they can come save me?
looking forward to connecting!
So what we'll need from you is a music, artsy natpkg on them for your 10 show. If you need a blueprint watch Amy Winter story
We have a huge collection of city directories! See our visiting hours at larc.tulane.edu
"It is a good rifle, and kilt the bear that kilt me. Anyway, I am dead. Sincerely, Hatchet Jack."
Because small joys are the best joys - unexpected and hard to recreate - so delicious!
LOL! Man u funny! The Lions man u crazy! Think bout it yall aint neva won shit n yall think yall gonna beat us keep dreamin!!
Just what the country deserves: a pampered, bullying asshole at the top.
#boxout #cleantheglass RT Wisconsin got the final 7 rebounds of the game. IU's last rebound came with 3:38 to play.
If you're out of sight therefore you're basically out of reached like a missing chromosome anything that cant penetrate has 2 ricochet
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.........[=
aww i just saw your blog ! and i truly enjoyed your clip on self love gorgeous
We're packing them in for the Hawks game. Get to Theory to cheer them on!!
what is yourfavorite season?
hahaha bless ya! Should have come earlier
Perf! Thank you!
I think it's funny when patrons tell the librarians to shush. :)
RECORD BROKEN! We hit 82 degrees at PDX today, shattering the 30 year old record of 79. How did you spend this glorious April day?
hi Dylan (:
need to take a shower & Finish packing. i have a 6 am flight to Boston tomorrow!... fml
Those of us in the non-profit world don't have to learn all our lessons the hard way -- unfortunately we tend to be masochists.
Congrats on your launch event. Happy to have supported your awesome mobile offerings!
...is this just fantasy...?
In the night I hear him talk the coldest story ever told.
...which means that, actually, he's already on his way "out" again...yeah? Haha
Sonuva! Aaron Rodgers better stop scoring points.
so I think Rachael has to work Saturday! :( but me and Sarah will be there. ((:
Serving up breakfast for dinner at Kathy's House .... WGIRLS style!
That's a $9.5M deal, maybe he can pay?
A little bit stronger <3
2 more weeks...I so pumped for summer 
the last time i checked, to be cool doesn't mean you have to be a jerk...
What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?
Royals! What a great night.
Didn't know the Queen had such a fab badass period in the 60s.
Amen. Not many sisters in Des Moines. Maybe she can meet in Clyde, MO starting next month.
That's unfortunate
Time to hit the sheets its been fun while it lasted. Tomorrow is Another day to come. Gdn sweet-dreams.
exactly! Thanks so much-- I appreciate it!
There's this handsome man on the train, very quietly crying and holding a half-eaten sandwich, as if he's too sad to bring it to his mouth.
Needs a nap after an incredible lunch at
cheesy smile!!
Driving today!!! #superexcited :)
David Brooks is a tweeter's challenge--I give up, too many great, hilarious, insightful one-liners to keep up with!
Loved the Duke/UK one I saw, although I seriously question your judgment in schools. :)
May I request Found Found Found? I'd like to send it out to my bandmates in Mbius Strip here in DC!
I love hearing the stories guys say about girls getting wasted and how fucking disgusting they get. Im not sure if I'll ever get drunk again
At jamba juice .....getting a strawberry. Energizer ... missing my kids trying to entertain myself until tomorrow ...
RT: wislaborTeaparty wants tax cuts for rich, cut spending except defense, cut medicare, education, and that will create jobs?
We did - together with Kris Wetterlund at Sandbox Studios. Thanks for the compliment! Very fun board!
I'm sick of us unfollowing eachother, && you deleting me off of Facebook .. it's immature.
i can almost see the other side..
EEP! Coldplays #Preforming !! :D Jealous of all those people at the Staple Center! haha
ill send it when i het to simi.. i dont trust the postal service by me with anything
Putting "ha" after every fucken word is stupid. Pay attention in school.dont worry about eastlake when you have grammer issues!
Correction: will be on Friday night's show. Joker & UofL 2005 vs. 2012 Thursday
It's Going to be A real Hot one today, Drink Liquids if your outside in that Sun...
We'll have to check it out!! Thanks for the tip! Are they on Twitter?
Yessir, get it in!
Getting lotion all in your mouth
I just realized tomorrow is going to be a 16 hour work day. That should be fun
Nice performance at the Latina 15th party!
if the new gloves translate to us winning games and going back to the playoffs, they're beautiful, if not I couldn't care less
I didn't. It's on netflix, I'll check it out there. Good?
Massage Therapy in town today . OIAs this week
Some bitches be acting stupid ahaha
Following the Prop 8 court proceedings via Twitter: &
Thank you to all our veterans out there for protecting us and serving our country. Happy Veterans Day!
is waiting at the airport-so far, plane still on time. keep all fingers crossed!
Spotted at Metro Center: John Podesta, running to catch the red line. What a regular dude.
This is why there are iphone games...
Madigan to close. Begins by correcting his statement that AFSCME does bargain active & retirees. Emphasizes does apply to GA. Mentions COLA.
17 again = perfection
Happy mothers day mommy! I love you tons and in my world you're one of the best women alive. I LOVE YOU! 
I'm sticking with them. It's just hurting. Kinda making it harder trying to keep my head calm but
I play wit his nose
Last chance for burgers until Wednesday! Come in and grab something for a late lunch/early dinner, open until 5!
Dark Shadows was a hoot. Amazing cast really brought back the memories and feel of Collinswood. Loved it!
And I am now incredibly curious...Haiku Laureate?? Do tell...
follow me thanks!:) followed u already:)
Goose Kallunki of UVU is 6'5 236 btw..the more I learn about the Wolverines the more I love!
Grand Theft Auto V's Logo Has Some Real History - Kotaku
The article database RILM is currently down. The problem has been reported.
i changed my username i am not any more i am
Come down to the AVP Championships and support our team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydrated!!
Watching aladdin in class ((:
Ha!! : "There is almost no marital problem that can't be helped enormously by taking off your clothes." -- Garrison Keillor
Thank youu(: i love talkin to u too. even doe we just met:D
We are seeking a #wordpress #webdeveloper to assist with our websites. Email us if interested
how are you?
damn u Jordan u always make me do all the work!!
Just looked up to a young girl staring at me. I smile, she smiles. Then she starts reading her book, The Holy Bible. Oh Girl, been there
Pat Riley is such a G.
Shout out to my new follower , he's fine as fuck lol
...yeah baby.....do the damn thing....do it well << can't get rid of this damn headache!
Hey Lilly's is tonight. Come support the lost souls of Chicago in this weeks rendition!
Quick workout then dinner date with :)
that being said, you're one of the best people I know that knows where to shut it down. Help us? ;)
I totally get it! When do you head back?
we don't have any openings at the moment, but we'll post online if we do.
why you ain't come to school?
tattoos aren't all they're cracked up to be... just don't get anythig too tacky.. something small tasteful and cute :-)
I love Tyra Banks.
I'm a Logan. Who is u? Lol
Like it hot? - head for Borrego where you'll find upper 90s. Everywhere else will be cool - 60s/70s through Friday
Amy!!!! Man I've been in the zone. Spinning my tales of love and war. Lol.
Even superman got a weakness
#dhtrial if nic rejected offer with an 8 to 4 jury lock she is a blonde of steel. Gotta give her credit. Possibility of a retrial is real.
They're like ninjas..oh wait, they are ninjas LMFAO
CHECKOUT 'S NEW JOINT WAKEUP ON YOUTUBE HE SPEAKS THE TRUTH ABOUT LIFE!!! ALSO #TGA via YoungSkyscraper
FYI...if u'r alarm resets itself automatically...it doesn't acct 4 Leap Year! Learned this the hard way ;)
better be right about this Anthro prof bc I've only been to class a hand full of times and it's midterm week
If you think Seattle was bad, keep your eye on Sac now that KJ has declared the Kings DOA.
Nobody's perfect, uh , Nobody's perfect, aye. Aye but you're perfect for me..
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up
You cannot lead a dynamic organization from behind a computer screen. Management by walking around is too often downplayed today.
Ha ha! Thank you Lois : )
My heart is racing like I'm on a first date! But alas, we've met 8 times before dear !!!! Let us rendezvous all night long!
So, I just read your blog, funny stuff. Just wanted to say thanks for sharing. :)
Last weekend I hooked up with a really cute guy and he keeps calling. Shoud I answer????
Hi John! Could you give me a call today about the HawkCam? I'd really like to talk with you. Thanks! 916.932.1343.
Galatians 6:9, "Let us not grow weary in well-doing, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart."
no I didn't go Cal said Paducah had the biggest turn out! I figure there would be a crowd I can't stand that long
I finally remembered my password after losing my phone! TYGER Is back bitches!
I could stay in bed all day today.
#GOPCLownCar Mittens the Mormon doesn't remember assaulting the "gay" kid because it wasn't traumatic for Mitt It was fun
Walking on a sidewalk. A pigeon just cut me off.
#AGirlDeserves it all, if she's been a faithful girlfriend (:
and you're going where??
Another protester arrested at #occupysd. Police formed a barricade and pushed back an unruly crowd as he was carried into a police van.
Eminem - Lose Yourself - 06:53 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Sadly I don't have the gym all to myself as I thought I would
lol what i say
Have you seen the New York Ripper?...almost time for The Los Angeles Ripper!
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation. George Bernard Shaw (Love it! LOL)
oops! training today
I lost my phone ....... Why didnt I get that find your phone app lol...
YES! Thank you. I completely agree.
PS - if anyone asks me what our theme is, that is totally what I'm gonna tell them now.
I'm loving my dreams lately. Hoping they come true.
Abundance is quality and not quantity.
These fight scenes are not answering my questions
Is this your mantra? MT : When life gives you sour grapes, make wine. Feel better now?
is my idol
Itz So Foggy
Yes, seems like 20 lifetimes ago. All is well, I hope the same for you. I don't know what RadioExiles is, but will check it out.
It's little things like this that fuck up my day like now I can't find my transpass
where is my hairbrush! i love the "dance" version! now that i'm a parent, i appreciate veggietales even more
i am listening to it non stop!!!
Just almost got attacked by a rat in my basement. Shew that was scary.
Just tested out the footage over at the Camera 3 on this rainy day before the San Jose Short Film Festival...it's movie time!
Just saw the news! good luck guys!
Just saw some of Sam's photos - I need to buy "Oil Overload 5" to complete my life yes?
This week went by to quick -__-
Hearing more and more of this thought. Seems as though OL Coach Davidson doesn't hate the current group, but tough to pass up LT
yess it does:) aha
definitely breaking out in hives right now. sh*t.
Well it happened, I'm totally into the new Justin Bieber single.
Wondering (again) about pursuing a career in Library Science. I'm not sure if maybe I just like the idea of going back to school...
did they not inform you that sitting on the tar mat for an hour (+) is part of the new security procedures?
I love when boys wear muscle shirts.
"A book is a souvenir of a web experience." --Will Schwalbe of Cookster quoting
U Still Tryin To Get That Tee??
Looking for a full time account manager position in Chicago..... :)
am watching an MJ doco. so so talented but a strange and disturbed man.
YES!!! More #LastSummerEverJam tickets coming up on #TheFiveat735! You want'em? - Dustin
#favchildhoodtvshows rugrats, eliza thornberry, courage the cowardly dog <3
Your the key to my soul.
"There is no irony font!" said Margo Howard, re: email etiquette. Thus emoticons are useful in conveying meaning.
You're off the hook for camera time. :)
Kaboom!!!! Coming Soon
I only have 6 Contacts -.- my phone doesn't do any numbers at all anymorec
its my birthday
My farts
I'm #bored. entertain me
Okay, so #Community returns. But goes up against #BBT. Then #ParksandRec is on hiatus for a month. NBC, you are LITERALLY killing me.
i followed you
Company Reminder-Competition Dress Rehearsal today. All dancers 1:30-6! Come ready w/hair, makeup, costumes, etc. it's gonna be a great day!
is soo fat
sometimes I need a night out of that city
Sent the big homie a track from the album. We are about to drop a NEW blessing upon the music world.
See you tonight my dude. Jimmy's is the #boss hangout spot tonight.
I agree just like the phone, that never did fully catch on.
I don't like being home alone!
Inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it. -Lisa Alther
Still working on piecing my friday night together! hahah -
Tell that girl what she wanna hear!
Doing more than is expected, to make another's life a little more bearable, without uttering a single complaint, ...means compassion
Next up on stage is the instrumental surf rock group Tsunami of Sound at Church rock club. Come on down and get your bronze on!
Let's go have that wreckless love, that crazy love, that off the wall won't stop till I get enough kinda love.
I know
i guess i get it, but its OUTSIDE.
Blown away by how young #entrepreneurs are changing the world. What's your secret ?
Not a surprise.
Some people look old and tired as shit sad part Is they ain't even old
Looking at a ranch in a quiet Tosa neighborhood off of Mayfair. I'll send you a link!
Big meeting of the minds today! The only problem is the only good mind that will be there is mine...
Nickel bag of weed a week, I got cocaine here to sell...how can a young man go back home when the city girls look so well?
I think the Thunder are good enough to sweep! 
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
: I hear you like the NYTimes. You must be some sort of east coast college boy. lol, since when was college ed bad?
Two ways party w/ me tonight: - my set starts at 10pm. - my set starts at 1am.
Ah, yes. Right, then.
yeah I seen it
Konichiwa! Long Time I ahven't Been on Twitter..
Heck yes! What about you!?!
OMG!! you forgot to kiss before you left!!:(
I got so much candy its crazy
Happy Thanksgiving! Go Packers :)
haven't been on twitter in months! :o
Friday the 13 is jason not Freddy lol
No word on replacement yet. Meanwhile the tour is still moving. Just us & in charlotte NC tonite. We promise to rock 2x as hard
just win the lotto
its hot as fuck anyway lol but tell my nigga dave we on something tonite
Wow, that was pretty excellent, Kristina! #cutetoo :)
I wish I was tan , I hate being so white ! >.<
Here are just a few of the thousands of #mascot costumes Olympus Group has produced for Universities across the country:...
Stars Are Blind is the shit.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!
hey ET, what's good?
Tim can you print a loop at the top so it can be attached to a lanyard?
Life is only tolerable at 4:45 am when one is flying to Florida. (currently -4 here 71 there)
Super Lockman Service locksmith is best in town for he's services and products they act very fast..........
;) surprisingly, mines clean!
haha, yeeph. if follow me i'll be the happiest girl in the world :D 
OMG, is it, it can't be ! ITS (dramatic voice) lol
that's who I thought it was...look at my post
You give/me/soothing/pain/a place/to come/back again
you are awfully quiet these days. PIC scare you off?
Yes I am! I aged out in 2004!
They also went to visit the University of Chicago this afternoon #239DaysLive [2/2]
Don't worry about the "could have" because if it should have, it would have.
From time to time, the tree of liberty must be watered with the blood of tyrants and patriots.Thomas Jefferson
Cannot agree more RT s Will Welch: Street style has become too self-aware, like reality television nym.ag/qhV1HX
I am so excited that told me she got BOTH gifts I sent her & she even knew when I sent her the water globe, she made my night
will be tonight!!! Hit me up at 702.782.8763 for #bottle service / #vip table
yes RT's count for 200 tweets
if you don't vote- don't complain
Whaaaaats up on this lovely monday?
If followed me, I don't know what I'd do..
R.I.P. been knowing him for years since our 2 Party Promo teams merged in Dallas/Arlington UTA ( #HootieHoo Ent. )
This white chocolate mocha is saving my life. AP Gov study sesh with Sam, Gaby & Brandon 
Whoa. I really shouldn't have checked the time in Warsaw. I just realized I've been up for 24 hours and haven't even had dinner yet.
I came ThisClose to actually managing to change my flat tire all by myself today... foiled by lug nuts again!
thank you and see you tonight 
You and Tom should switch teams for one season. I'll write the book. In?
This day in 1874 Lewis Latimer patented his idea for water-closed railway cars
Hanging out with Griff & watching the Winter Classic. Join us!
Thoroughly enjoying my Cavs in The Garden right now.
After watching #NeverSayNever, I must admit I am now a
Family can get really annoying
It's too good to be true but someday it will come true. We'll see.
Hi my Twitter friends
but is it?
Rabbit Rabbit! =)
Shooting an editorial cover at Hennepin County Medical Center tomorrow...should be fun...big ambulance in the shot!!!!!
keep hydrated as well
The world uses a tanker of gas every 13 minutes
Not to worry. There was a cat card. (cc: )
Thank you New Image Shelter for taking care of the most vulnerable & giving us the opportunity to #serve the greater LA community!
and a tip of the hat to you, sir!
EW. A bird just shit on my shoulder -_-
slight work
: I'd pay off my student loans, get an apartment, go to Europe, buy a TON of books, and give a donation to my hometown library!
girl, you have some serious design skills! , is so lucky to have had you work on this. Bravo!
did u join the iPhone family?
: Awesome! Cant wait to see you! Absolutely not! As long as u say hi to us when ur there! ;)
...for those of you in the bike portion of the Tri make sure your tires are prepared to be punctured. Don't let the goat heads win!
He Still Has Music Playin In Their Voicemail Background, Better Yet Who Even Take The Time To Set That Shiit Up.?
On my way to the theaters wit my cousins and friends. Finely gonna watch breaking dawn: part 1. Yeah buddy;)
Why is it that you follow me yesterday and today when I go to check you out, you no longer follow me? Did I say something wrong?
House was a one-story ranch. Cause of explosion not known. About 20 homes evacuated.
yeah Ikr! Then I'm finally a senior! :)
He's in and I'm out. It's like I don't exsist anymore...you'll need some one though and he won't be there.
dang twitter is 100 thousand times better then facebook :)
They need to get there shit together... ": Choosing a new pair of shoes over paying a bill #Basic"
#SHOUTOUT GO FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK :) X
Okay. Then don't listen to that. Lol. Listen to MikeyWhiskeyHands- Sex, Drugs and Whiskey Hands.
I'm a little offended that I'm not mentioned anywhere in your article. Consider your hot tub privileges suspended.
 New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with the richer we become. Kurt Vonnegut
Anything to feel more confident in an interview.
that's god(: and ive been better :/
Not totally sure what I just got myself into. I guess I'm about to find out! At least I will have someone to blame if something goes wrong.
Devastated 2 read abt Reynolds Spoke w her after my novel was pubbed. It deals w pain care. She was passionate articulate& inspiring
"The two girls are typical dollar street walkers, dressed in the usual tawdry get-up."- THE ICEMAN COMETH
THREE/23, guys. March, not February.
"is freddy home?" uh.... lmbo ooohhh im bout to get on him
Lips tight together in a passionate way When satisfied words we seldom say The sun made me love her today-robrage2012
i better be included in this..
Good stuff in the book room, including the new Chabon novel, as well as Irvine Welsh's Skagboys, and new Mark Helprin.
I have your religion hahaha
what up SG? What's good my dude? My email is
Beginning to form a proper eschatology? &quot;We should get all our Left Behind books together &amp; have a book burning.&quot;
awesome tattoo! Where did you have that done?
What is you biggest "tattoo peeve"?
Leonard Cohen - Since You've Asked - 10:07 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RT and answer if you know what song this is: I'm sending him a _____________________ and I enclosed it with kiss!!
No way! I saw them in Milwaukee recently, and they were stellar as always. Very different than two years ago though.
call his twin
Skim scam flam at the gas pumps--see the report tomorrow (tues) on the #CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley.
she's such a tranny! I LOVE it! Lol
#LastTimeUNLVbeatSDSU I was still an undergrad Aztec unsure if I'd be accepted into my grad program. I'm nearly done with my MA now.
RT I Love my big sleepy head
We wish all of the finalists of the James Beard Foundation Awards good luck at tonight's event!
how are you faring with the poweroutage? My heart breaks for all the great back bay restaurants.
were you able to get your mouse back?
Love can lead you to lonely days sitting in your bed crying and eating peanut butter out of the jar.
BEEP BEEP. WHO GOT THE KEYS TO MY JEEP. Someone drive me to tonight for IRIE SUNDAYS! Reggae- Dancehall... with
Indeed! is a Renaissance man, and one of the most accomplished people ever to graduate from my high school, IMO. :)
"people go to a library to feel something" and they "don't want to do it alone"
Don't forget to thank a solider today!!
I wrote that!(;
how'd our thing come out? Just wondering!
yes. We hv to watch it at least 3x before bed.
I do get into March Madness though...,so that's something to look forward to.
What is this shit im hearing about jelena breaking up?
Vincent Castronovo Is The Meaning of H.o.t
HOM Furniture Dramatically Expands Flooring Selections and Services in the Twin Cities
Hanging out at the very cool #coworking space. Seems like a great place to do tech in Wilmington!
VIP section babe
Good guys win!
lol haha yeah at the radio station like a couple months ago.
Ok, NO ONE prepared me for the level of grossness in 127 Hours. Can't stop gagging. How does he not bleed out??!
Great turn out this weekend at the "Flea" Market! Thanks to all who helped!
Baking sugar cookies with my nephew :)
More strength than has ever been tested. And more to give than you have ever been given.
Shawty don't have friends cuz every friendship she get she talk about them to somebody else  that's not the move
proud beyond measure!
What's up with Facebook? My account "temporarily unavailable?"
So glad is here with me considering we're gonna fail MAT
FACT: While America is watching the State of the Union address, we're working on songs. Nothing against
SOME BODY PLEASE TELL ME THE NUMBER !!!
RT : Always make sure to be nice to everyone bc you never know who will have your back when you least expect it
I wake up with you on my mind, questioning myself like are you really even mine.
Man I know Dr. Oz is a good guy but I swear if he told people that drinking motor oil daily was healthy they'd do it lol
What the what???
schoolwork and a callback....maybe a dance class tonight. That's about it :)
#ILoveMyMomBecause she always puts up with my crap and doesn't bitch me out like everybody else.
I got patience. No need to lose my mind wit stress and anticipation. Time will be mine shortly and all loose ends will be takin care of.
they know it Rob, "just way too much work to handle vital affairs"! #stop being dumb
Neosporin? Netflix? Yeah, I'm thug, whatevs.
So does anyone believe that Braylon Edwards will sign with the Bears give me your thoughts
It's amazing what a difference a walk makes.
Sounds good!
So thankful I didn't get like 300 mass texts this year
What goes trough your mind...
Note to self: mark this one down to see - she's yet to fail you in her movie reviews.....and write a little more neatly.
Can't sleep
dont sweep sandberg under the rug!
i couldnt find him!
all day primetime
is at the doctor getting her shots. Like, seriously, her shots -- a chicken pox vaccine. Bad idea before grad? Let's hope not...
I'm s Knicks fan, but I also know the game of basketball...with players becoming healthy minutes will be scarce...
I am passionate about sprinting
thanks. john if he replies to you ping me...he is locked and i may not see the reply. thanks!
gotta bunch of musikk! im excited.. cant wait to c kanee
Thanks! Don't forget to give us a 'Like' on FB! Glad we connected!
It's bad yall
Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.
NBC crew is brutal today
I would be the best dictatorial tyrant of cookieland.
where is it at?
Pet peeves... 'Double U' not 'dubbu'. 'Of-fen' not 'off-ten'. One Hundred Twenty dollars not One Hundred and Twenty dollars. Thanks.
Looked up and both my dogs had (unused) tampons hanging out of their mouths...what a sight that was.
My hair is acting up today. :P Oh wait... I'm a guitar. xD I don't have hair! Psh.. xD Wait.. How am I typing?! O.o
Fear of losing you
Here at g bar?
God, if I cant have what I want, let me want what I have.
Visit #educationUSA at #AACRAO11 booth 112. Advisers from Poland, Nigeria & Russia.
What it do?
well i hope they can't find you that far away then!
15 minutes until we raffle off some Wine & Dine tickets. If you want them, you have to let us know!
he said he is having a graduation party, next week.
Safe travels to #TK11. We look forward to meeting you. Come by and visit Portico's booth
#IThankGod for waking me up every morning. I'm so thankful <3
Even though niggas be getting on my nerves , I still love them no matter what 
happy birthday girl! I miss you & love you. Hope to see you tonight :)
I seriously keep pounding on the ceiling they won't shut up lol
good just been busy
Lofl. Yep. RT : MTV Movie Awards 2012: "Best Fight" ---- The fans VS
Both gross but I guess Gatorade.
Just made snicker doodles. The family loves them. Do u?
Marc Smith round up the boys from Bank of the Whites, if they want me, they have to dump big $$ in my campaign account. Aaron is scaring me
I encourage post breakfast day dreaming!
#TebowsPrayers another year of college eligibility
Maybe now #Rockies have a chance. #Mets Santana done after 6 scoreless innings and just 2 hits allowed. He K'd 8. Batista in for Mets.
sounds like she is alot more pissie(is that a word)then Aaron was but she is a bengals fan THATSUCKS
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out. James Bryant Conant
that would be super helpful!
Tonight's #dinnerspecial: Stuffed Pepper with mashed potatoes--only $18.95!
Not looking good for me.
it is possible i might be in love with you or your recipes or your father or all of the above
TGIF! RT this w/your fave U-Swirl flavor and get a $1.00 off voucher to be used at any of our 3 locations. Good Today only, so get tweeting!
Anyone need a nw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.1
Deuces ...thanks for the four years!
i just beasted my way out of a parking spot, no shovel necessary just get the hell out the way.
Looking forward to seeing this on the big screen :s
It's not 3am but you rocked my world! Looking forward to feeding this friendship!
I'm horrible! :(
debunked ? You have been debunked as human being.
UK is getting a great young leader in Patrick Towels. On and off the field! His parents should be proud of the young man they raised.
my favorite book character of all time is anne of green gables :-)
haha it definitely is! Text me! I have something to ask youu.
God doesn't just reveal things to us FYI. He expects us to repent, ask Him to fix us, and put perimeters in place to prevent temptation.
Wow!! I just got a glimpse of the header for my BEAT page this is going to be so off the chain!!!
not in the USA RT: If NBA lockout continues and cancels season, Will people start watching NHL again?
Friday! Friday! Friday! #yes Going H.A.M.
Even Serbs complain of UK's/monarchy controlled [lagging] technology. Never again will I complain of Internet drag in LA!
#haveuever said, 'oh my phone broke thats y I dont have ur number anymore' when u know thats a straight up lie
weight training all week is going great! Every day motivates me closer to the goal- One rest day this week w/ NO excercise but it was needed
Just because i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like you now just bc i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like u
First volleyball game of the season tonight! Get fired up team Amazeballs. We'll miss you
Thanks for the note. I'm going to mention it to the Blogging & Social Media editor.
it was but I laughed hard af lol RT : It's corny but it is pretty funny
And full scholarships-amazing!!!
lol you guys are awesome
Somebody give this guy some company
Hanging out with my roomate today...she is so awesome!!
Sorry! Something, buy u. lol
The Simply Sweet Shoppe of Carmel, IN NOW HAS A TWITTER!!!
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
The Wizard to Radim the dream to Martin Hanzal goooooaaaaaaalllllll
I had to ask mom what the difference was between ncis and csi but i kept saying cis... -__-" dumb alert!
Im tired of that Motivation song its so repetative
Perez Hilton.
Yes that was a waste, but not as bad as the 20 page packet City of Madison sent to let me know I owe $60 for sidewalk repairs
Also if any of you awesome people have a spotify account you can check them out on there!
I'm sorry about the post-less-ness. I'm drowning in AP Government homework.
LET'S FUCKING GO CMPUNK! BEST IN THE WORLD!
The couple who trains together stays together. Happy Valentine's Day from Team STH!
You need to watch that!!
Most common lies I hear: Death n family Kid sick I'm sick
i hit my following limit
Muriel - I read it and felt violent agitation
Stupid ass Mf
Thank you, Any questions feel free to ask.
Missin my bff :( *no homo*
RT When the odds of success are close enough to 50/50, every bit of practice that you've invested will ground your luck.
you did what? From where?
listen I'm ready like right now hahaha our football team is pretty stacked tho 
YEA THEY ARE!!
It's so nice to a rather large bounce in Logic and not be worried about your computer crashing.
NEXT MUTHAFUCKA SEND ME SPAM IM REPORTING U AS SPAM
actually. Ya. Im cool with that. He is pretty fly.
#NJDevils Even the series tonight!
You're really close to a tweet milestone, huh?
We provide therapy to students and their families for a variety of issues like anger management, etc.
You ain't TRILL till ----> follows you! they follow me...yeah... its a big deal.
writing about battling public opinion polls -- does public care about global warming? Or not? Depends on which poll you check. Why?
We've been telling people the office is messy because we're moving but really the office is always messy.
Got your FB message, so joining here!
: I know. I Miss it a lot! I want to go back to the way we used to be. Us being together every single day!!
be careful out there #pittsburgh it's slippy!
How do you expect forgiveness from Lord when you can't give it or accept it.
Movin' like crazy at work today! Happy to be involved in physical activity all day!
It's not letting a lot of people log in, so we can't see a show we paid money for.
G.M.N.I.: Simplicity's the daughter of Karma who's playing hard-to-get.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked do u work out a lot?
Share your adventures with us tweeps!
lol your friends aren't fans of the boys?
Let's go simple. I'll lay this out very simply. SHUT UP.
Chris Beer, Web Developer (mainly for digital library/archives apps), WGBH Interactive
excited for a big night with
Still love ya!
some of these 2chainz raps y'all doin are hella good lol
I'm at that point in grading where all the essays seem the same. Come on, kids - surprise me!!
Banana Commerce: Watching KUSI special re: port in San Diego: Over 185 million pounds of bananas are transported thru port each MONTH.
just search your model there. If there are any big "gotchas" those folks will know about them.
I so can relate, I would be an awesome scarlett LOL
lol Jackson is always messin with Neal...Neal seems like an easy target, even Pop was makin jokes about him at the jersey auction lol
Such great times tonight with new friends @ #grizzel&mann
I wish it was christmas
And I mean "believes" her in the sense that he may not have challenged inconsistencies with the evidence KNOWN to exist.
10 more tweets left till my 200th tweet!!..
I am just getting hip...
okay that's understandable...
Coming to tonight? Grab a hoodie! Bought one already? Have another! Its got a skull and guitars on it!
didn't get to chapter 19 in To kill a mocking bird. only Chap. 17. EPIC FAIL
You are the reason why I am here. (:
Graduate Students! Looking for an internship or advice about the job market? Ever considered the benefits of going to a career fair?
Can you give us specifics? Times, dates, locations, directions? With that information we can investigate. Thank you.
jake you suck
Goin to Vegas in May, and Jamaica in June!!
Gee that would only happen to her ommg
Now they cite Kennedy as a champion tax cutter. I think the top rate went from 90 to 70% when he was in office.
You forget about LSU! RT ": Man I forgot Lsu was playing today"
This morning my 10-month old grabbed the remote and recorded This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Getting an early start on politics...
Ooh snap...so we should b haven a baby within these next 2weeks right??
yeah, that you St. Mary's for screwing up that in bound pass.
YouTube is the second largest search engine after google
Thanks, I'm not surprised. Hope he's going to run as romney's VP that would really make them both UN-electable!!
Chinese manufacturing declining. Business activity #eurozone falls. Concerns: French elections & Dutch political instability hit EU shares.
Y does he have to b so mean
Before you judge me, try hard to love me, look within your heart then ask, have you seen my childhood. - M.J. <3
sweet! thanks for coming by :)
I hate it when your grandparents act like they can control and know everything about you. Cause honestly they can't and don't. (:
I feel very strongly that a BA should analyze business, and a UXer should design the user experience
The lost finale did everything I wanted it to, and then like 8 other things.
Nice! What's the time difference there?
I have some over protected ass brothers and cousins lbfs
thats what's up bro! #GrindHard! I decided to hang up the cleats. I knew it was my time. I have a new gig so I'm straight.
hahahahahahahahahaha do u sing a song everyday in class
Like we can't find ESPN, ESPNNEWS, PR ESPN.com Cmon man
Listened to the new jeff bridges album last night. Once is prolly enough.
Only wearing 1 sports bra
21 Jump Street, The Hunger Games, or Wrath of the Titans???
Calling all artists, if you like a challenge then let's Go.! Here are the choices. Make a lamp, drink coasters, or clock.
Want real tweets? follow
followed me on the other account & i wasnt even following him. FOR THE WIN<3333
It is what it is, fwm.
Awesome! Thanks for letting me know!
where is the clip of me going ham about hamburgers and cheese at your crib. wasn't happy with my performance.
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" in-stock ready to upgrade your home or office.
Secure transportation, order a $9 pizza, get free entry to a club, enjoy a 2 for 1 golf trip, get local deals instantly on our device.
Every morning: ME: I really can't stay. BED: But baby, it's cold outside.
nite r u goin to be on twitter tomorrow??
I wonder if the years have made me any stronger ... or if I'm just better at indulging my weaknesses
Well Baby the one you blow off might be the one you should have kept
Aww I'm sorry :(
Wal-Mart Stores agreed to pay $4.8 million in back wages in a settlement with 4,500 employees who said they were not paid overtime.
#Marge Simpson Bear Jew.... Kick ass!!!!
Thanks! I really enjoyed reading this post too...
Thanks for coming last night y'all!
Off Colby Lewis, too .... Wow. GOrioles. RT : BACK-to-BACK-to-BACK baby!
I thought the collector did follow procedure, but the language wasn't detailed enough about the storage/sending of samples?
Fieffer Dancer films, Alexander McQueen exhibit, RENT off broadway, and Keigwin + Company at summerstage this Saturday, July 23rd. Exciting
haha awesome. Dude wanna check something out real quick?!
What effect will the disappearance of optical drives have on the preservation, archiving & dissemination of #elit ?
I HATE YOU, THIRD DIMENSION!
quit tweeting and driving!
oh wow! How does that happen?! Someone reported ur shit I bet?! Wtf. I miss you!
I hiding myself at a corner ...to avoid your eyes .....''Don't look at me'''
RT George Harrison >>> Ryan Ross.
#Leverage is back in town, can tell by the big white trucks and heavy cable wires running the sidewalks. Start watching channel 11 cable.
Kanye West Is The Best Rapper Alive :D
Hey, good morning. Have a great day!
Working on a film being shot with the #Sony #F65, the team is inventing the workflow as they go, so amazing!
She don't care
get it done, dude! let us know how it goes!!
we aren't trying to just "get followers" we really want to know our followers; we are human beings selling ties, not bots :)
TAco Bell sounds fucking amazing right now.
at as220 drinking a beer. Was over at small point before for coffee. Their coffee is so good. Enjoying Harper's. where are you?
Word is Lyle Lovett coaches just pulled up next to the Market.
well, now I'm disappointed that I can't flap by your desk.
Husband v. bees round 2: Revenge of the Squirrel Hill Tracker Jackers. I hope he hallucinates something funny when he gets stung.
Today in 1979, the eradication of smallpox was certified after as many as 500 million people had died of smallpox in the 20th century alone
OK thanks
Now Open Dj Lash Brand New Studio..
Why do I even bother?
my bad son lol
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
I love when Josh calls me Cecelia. -_-
WOW, just found out that the new season of "X Factor" won't start until September...
For how much I hated u, I don't hate u anymore, u got balls kid keep up them tracks
Watching drama unfold via as police forces seem to close in
lols no you silly!
I need to get a manicure done
This movie is a flute!!!
SO awesome to see an AMTC alum on #TheVoice last night!! And she's AMAZING! Go Sharon Mathai!!! Very proud of our AMTC family :)
is packed!!! Waiting in line is still worth it ( with my lil sister )
thank you, as always! submitted.
It wouldn't be the first time that the District has had issues urging the public to take action on a matter.
Thanks...One Love!
I can see this goin 2 b a long ass day... as u get older u cant always b around ur mom on mothers day
there was this girl that only knew Madison and Nick in AZ. Thats one person....lol
Totally agree about Jane's Addiction....I thought it was a kind of boring show
Twitter on my ipod please load -.-
um yeah after school
All time leader in hits and bet on HIS team to win. I'm fine w/ not letting him be apart of a team but #PeteRose deserves the HOF
We're looking for new wine blogs interested in joining the Ad Network. DM or if you > 1K views/month.
facebook sucks. I'm ready for some Orkut. and Viva Chile!
Catch us at the Chamber Early Bird Breakfast Fri. 715am Above&Beyond 513 W.Pontaluna!
This has been the week from hell.
Tina: wonderful webinar today on the Whole Brain Child...very useful examples of working with kids and parents! Therese'
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
amazing observation, if only they had matching satin straight jackets
Just remember this when we finish 38-44.
watching the episode with hosting, love him but its not the same w/o you! Get back gurrlll.
Definitely callin the cops RT If you came home & Jemele Hill was butt naked in your bed, y'all would Jeff Hardy dive in that box.
Would you help us with kickstarter if we did one for our full length.
btw, we're going to be in town that weekend for a race.
haha oh yeah will I actually got up and said something you sat there like a glb
I sure hope the president's speech doesn't go into the 8:00 hour. I hope he's a CT fan!
RT On my way to DC with Michael to see tonight! And "The Road to Vegas" begins! Lol
The art work in this hallway is amazing.
12 more days until Incubus at the Riverside. Stoked!
I'll be watching!
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money? This number is no longer in service.
Interesting quote in the Chronicle of Higher Education: "Part of the problem is that faculty members themselves often don't work well i
you're overreacting.
You need to change that. Like ASAP.
Happy Saturday, loves! , , , , , Thank you for the follow!
haha so what are you going to do for the summer?
True! I may have to hit that up this wk. RT : Would have rather been at the all you can Eat Sushi place in Sunny Isles.
RT : #BanderaBowl tomorrow, don't miss out $5 to bowl from 10 Pm to 1 Am!!!
all of my overlord ... er ... computer are shipping towards me! can't.contain.excitement.
One day you wake up and everything has suddenly changed and you dont even know what hit you.
I havent had sex with a black girl in a long time.I had jungle fever for years..#team pink booties
Looks like Corey Hart is starting another hot streak this weekend.
Thought-Should Joe have bought in Rapada to pitch to Joyce after save was blown? DRob now lost now for two days!
class act!!! U will be missed in bmore
ok that's fine! We'll do a movie night!!!!! I'll finally make those brownie things!!!
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked dog ate my homework...
Rasika and Hunger Games... Can't think of a single other way I would rather spend my evening
Now that I can agree with.
Finally omw home from #Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
Derrick Bell: "It is painful for many of us, but it is time to acknowledge that racial integration as the primary vehicle for...(cont)
And just like that...he's gone
Driving from LA to Santa Barbara. Just passed the exit for Mulholland Drive!
I always forget to plug my computer in when it warms me, but when it dies shit goes down.
Likewish Babe! Hey I'm da ghost wit da most. lol Get my number from your inbox and call me.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels good.
stop watching tv. Go to class! We need your skill set.
You're the one
Teaching a coaches clinic today! This is one of my favorite seminars to teach - helping coaches be better instructors and mentors!
Heading to the #Hardrock with to celebrate 21st Birthday!!!!
Any idea what mine is? I think I deleted that email...
Free residential disposal of paint, electronics, batteries, fluorescent lights and chemicals by appointment only Jan 29 call 619-287-5696
they scissor more females and put dildos in their vajayjays for recreation
I'm really excited to see your tweets about baseball ratings this season.
You know it. I'm the original model for ZZtop.
#FF offseason NFL inside info & analysis
4pants hair backwards pleease text me or call me at 7204297689 please
She's cooking dinner with ur pans.
I SHOW YOU I WANT YOU TI FOLLOW ME SO MUCH! You broke your promise</3
RT : Internet Pay TV Set for 4x Growth by 2020? - Not unreasonable - Google is coughing up $100 million to create......
Skyrim won game of the year on #VGA , and Joker won character of the year. Fuck that shit. -jumps out open window-
Newbie no more! :) RT : Good Monday morning to all our viewers & welcome & to the team!
haha highly doubtful whit sorry to break the news!
Thanks! How does Twittelator store the location info for its native feature (not the "link to map")? I couldn't make it update.
From the bottle? Or will you bother with a cup? :p
Hey what's up? Watching the it crowd.
When you lose your Bestfriend <
oo... clearly you've never had proper Chinese food RT Controversy is my favourite dish. :-))
waving to the taco truck!!!
would rather that than a dirty glass
ok cool, look forward to the email.
yes! Down with cabs, up with Uber!
send me all!:)
Dude riding your bike at 12:30 are you trying to get hit? #dumb people
And we will catchup with , who helped captain the USNTDP U17s to gold in Russia.
It's good to see Bernie and his drag queen wife supporting gay marriage.
I could murder a calf for some pollo tropical curry mustard sauce right now
i think i Vote 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebet are the Best !!!! ily
Extremely jinormous lady behind me.
hahaha dont want you getting into any trouble :)
 please sayy hi to me!!
Getting ready for the next #fourpeaks salon, and the sun came out - must be a sign!
hope you've been well
My new single "Life Not Typical" was on the "Most Added" list on the Billboard chart this week - say yea with me!
Thanks for the RT! The video was made to answer some of the questions about Richard's use of Infra Aerochrome film!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAY MOM. i love you :)
Sounds like my kind of night!
"Heaven and Earth and I live together, and all things and I are one." ~Chuang Tzu, China
Case study in action RT : RT : Example of #SocialMedia Crisis Comm Mgt live. Check out 's <- Tweet Stream
I'm not a Broncos fan. I'm a Steelers fan.The Raiders were a great organization until the past 10 years.That is a fact.
LOL! That's hilarious!
Have y'all ever thought about the word "recognition?" re-cognition. Changing how you think.
Good Guy Gone Bad!!!
Ok, everyone. Which part of the letters PTO mean WFH? They're 3 different letters. Bo.
if i have to call AT&T 1 more time, i might have a nervous breakdown.
I followed you so you can follow back. If you use HR or power meters Premium is worth a look. Otherwise, no.
Al Horford needs to remember who he is. This game is great tho
"I want to eat chicken ... not be a chicken." I luv the latest #McDonalds commercial!!
Thanks, Christine!
Every moment I spend with you is a moment I treasure.. 
Call Me Maybe is playing my local hairdressers
is that a coffee machine!?
thank wanna see what he looks like?(:
Pizzas here! Schwing!
What is one of your marketing goals for this year?
Johansson literally has contributed nothing at all this series.
Thank you ;)
don't forget the dribble drive to the abortion clinic.
and so does Craig James
Women's History Month is here! We recognize the late Mertie Buckman for providing the initial spark 17 years ago to start
IT'S NEVER GOOD TO BE CONTENT... Especially when you know you can do better & feel you can do more
me to :/ im gonna bake myself some choclate cake
exagerrated princess version
Crit Thkng: In Ideas and Information, Arno Penzias suggested creating a hierarchy of possible solutions to organize possible solutions
A Day to Remeber is my new favorite band !
have a great day!
I Want Us Forever<33
just fell down the stairs
Time for the driving range.
Is Christina Aguilera wearing a crown because she is queen of skanks?
aw, I feel special :) I apologize for whenever I blow up your phone with my nonsense, though. hahhaahaha.
Whale... But if its outside of water everyone loses.
Still trying to get back into the swing of things. Still tired :)
its okay ;)
H A P P Y F R I D A Y ! ! ! Will you be playing any #aprilfools jokes?
Khloe Kardashian Takes a Picture with Her Real Dad Alex Roldan -
Hi guys what is URL I have to know please tweet back
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Lost many a game to 4yo nephew/6yo niece. Probably because we played by house rules. Guess who was the house.
is listening to sing Bird Without Wings!! Can't believe it has been 4 years!! :-D
yea sure whatever hater p.s ur username is dumped i seen better ones
Parents are the best
I am so excited to go to the beach all summer
Random things that deserve a tweet. Your favorite pillow, perfectly chilled, pansies, wi-fi that works and Chapstick.
good form! i love it!
"What Is love" ? Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. No more
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Tryna be in a mellow ass mood 2day no problem no drama 2day imma jus try to shut up
Today, All Wild Things are quiet... Thank You #MauriceSendak May your Great Rumpus now truly begin!
But we will also have reporters here - you want to look especially good for Radio!
Headed to for our new member steering meeting. Should be fun!
HI PRETTY, lolllz.
Worst 3 point shooting ever fortunately it's both teams. Let's go Heat get it together win this.
readin iconic love and stole my heart im addicted to ur storys
Did you know? Our wax contains no alcohol and is made from 100% natural beeswax and the finest polymers
You're *probably* right about that!
Six months since the announcement of and not a single confirmed act.
The one that I said I needed to read The Hunger Games
Sending all my goods off to Los Angeles, be safe possessions, God's speed
I am a nerd. Got a JRD email from MLB with the header "Celebrating Jackie" and my first thought was that they were honoring Jackie O. Goof.
Haha! We're about to watch it. I like recording it so i can fast forward through the commercials.
just starting Ledoux's poster hw 
I don't know how but it happens everyday :(
Last week, Twitter rolled out a major new feature: Twitter Lists
You're just influential about everything important, but we knew that already :)
OK If the video is wrong and I hope it is. Lets prove it and defend you.
Great day. Sunshine. Working Feeling openly optimistic about the good days ahead.
me too I hate when Stephanie Carranza doesn't text back ugh!!! : I hate when people dont text me back!Now i know how it feels. :(
It's almost #FathersDay, which makes me wonder: those who have had a #vasectomy, when did you know your family was complete?
Haven't written an essay in forever. Kinda rusty..
i cant help but laugh at 16 & pregnant. LOL.
I thought you did AWESOME!!!!!! On Latin night!!!!
the truth is there and has just been hiding in plain sight...now we just need the process 2 make it official. Coming soon..
ha! thanks for the rt!
That tattoo is AMAZING I love it!
Better ask somebody, I ain't scared to give it to u real. If u don't want my opinion don't ask, simple as that.
what's good zamara rivera this is precise manager redell drakeford,i just forwarded you with the dj pack
Want to make cibreo, anybody in Milwaukee or Chicago know where to source cocks combs?
I'm not gunna lie. #avengers looks kindof gay.
I have alot to be thankful for: my family, my friends, brothers & sisters. if it wasnt each & evryone of them i dont know wer i would be
lol good luck!
That moment when you can actually answer a question on the NICAR listserv and someone else beats you to it.
Just landed in San Francisco! #mh2012. Now to find lunch and do some exploring in Palo Alto.
Yes he is!
Kenny Rogers will be playing with the UMW Philharmonic Orchestra at the UMW Anderson Center on April 21st!! Purchase your tickets now!
ask for Brian or Megan!!
The beauty of music is always in what is said...
I'm guessing had a really good day today. Mama Simpson has to be crying right now hehe
Great day to advocate #Play in #ColoradoSprings !
Ha...thanks! We'll let them know :-)
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
And I AGREED with you! Point made! They r charletons!
:- ) ... few statewide losers like him
A heartfelt THANKS to all the came out to this past weekend to party, check us out for NEW specials all the time & new FORMAT.
The weekend how is this possible
Homework..shower...bed...Goodnight 
If one deeply felt a single pain, then you understand all the other sufferings ~Fredrika Bremer (Swedish writer)
do you regulate satellite TV providers (i.e. DirecTV)? If I have a consumer complaint, where can I send a copy to the FCC?
I'm even more worried about the threat to the American Community Survey (replacement for Census long form).
Thank you Lord for rain and the FRESH FOOD at Zuzu.
Be disturbed! Bimbo Bakeries a Mexican Corp ops in US as "Bimbo USA" & have bought US bakeries Arnold Thomas' Entemanns & more
Giroux suspended for game 5 sorry to say but series is now over.
Coach, do you know you have more BIG XII Titles (8) than home losses (7) !!!???
New music coming soon, keep reading guys
Listening to in hot topic ;)
haha well its ok, a little bit of insanity never hurt anyone :)
Saxophone playing Mendelssohn Violin Concerto and Don Juan in the subway post-NY Philharmonic concert. Cute! But could be faster
I feel like shit
Tracking bass (thanks )
Man I wish I could be as classy as some of the kids I got to school with, I need some baby phat and south pole gear.
= ) you're sweet
SCHIZZLE - My rep from just dropped off killer samples from Uruguay to Slovenia is gonna have a cool list
Today is the day I go to California!
So Oprah's Gail is at my bar.. Tom Hanks wife is performing.. If Oprah walks in here.. I might lose my job lol
At #smacsrit - Enjoying opening keynote by and
: "I don't even need this. Still banging Giselle tonight no matter what." -- Tom Brady just now.
it's spying on people! It's creepy
People are stupid. I'm tired of good music being thrown into a genre called 'Screamo'
My professor has said the phrase "lets do it quick and dirty" like 5 times in 2 classes. Kinda weird
Baker!! Nice to see you perform/ share the stage with you at the showcase!!
oh sweet! I bet that's exciting
At work: Six pack Edition of the Political Junkie- tea party candidate makes NY 26 Special Election a toss-up- and, so, so much more!
will do my best. People are sending me updates via text and facebook.
hell yea it is.
can you tell me when you will be in Joliet again? I'm dying to meet you, you are my inspiration! Xoxo
where you going in that thing girl? Picking me up? ;)
Steve Blake Sorry but, see ya!
Que bueno! Sounds great! :D RT : Flavor First has a little of everything Cristina! I think you'll love it!
"Vintage Trouble" is crushing it at Cosmopolitan Las Vegas! Lounge was empty. 2 songs in 200+ and growing by minute.
oh I'm sorry to hear that :(( but as per usual you still maintain an amazing positive energy despite the setbacks!!! X
Hello to the Colonel and Luis G!
Sometimes, inspiration & help comes from those you hardly even know, or a person you just met! And for that, I say thank you!
Martin Mayhew is on FIRE! Good to see the turnaround and not wasting draft picks like the last regime. A++ Draft so far!
: You too! Ate way too much nonessential bread, but was totally worth it. Hope you had a fabulous day, too!
o thats incredible- i will def start working on it- is it possible to have him send me the lyrics- if not thats fine-
Amazing! Thank you! But wow, am I sore. I think I caught the marathon bug, already thinking about number two. Any recs?
I would have told Niall to stay if I was a bystander and tell them to shut up!
i saw that you downloaded digress.it on your site and it had some errors. the new version addresses those issues. enjoy!
: Splendid evening with  indeed
lls bruh you ain't have no excuse this time to be rocking that shirt
Why do men resort to calling you a bitch when you're more clever than they are
Nice save. Lmao. Thanks. :)
Just got a call from Mohela saying my account was past due and generally wondering what was wrong with me.
So bored in government today so to keep myself from sleeping I get on twitter and Facebook!
thank you, Don!!
When I have to work so early on a saturday morning, learning that #Starbucks has the pumpkin spice latte back almost makes it all worth it!
If a primary school in England decided to name itself after Mary Wollstonecraft, what benefits could it reap?
Good night gang!
what happened to the phone?
studio down for a min. but i will be back soon wit some super hott ish!!! Sean Pizo
Samba - Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
BTW- there's not one extra scene, there's two. If you leave before the final credits, you'll miss it and that would be a shame.
#FF happy Friday and thanks for sharing our Twitter Persona to the world.
so early
How am I the first one up? I'll give my family another 15 minutes. Then, Christmas is happening.
Leaving for #Beijing tomorrow... No Twitter, no Facebook for a few days. So thankful i can still play #WordsWithFriends in China though!
DuB sTEp swag rannie style @ ovenhotstudios sessions sessions and more sessions...
why do people think it's ok to ruin peoples personal life? I mean I like j/j also but they seriously have some scary followers
sarcasm? ;P
yes indeed. nice work, as always.
I know, right!
My younger sister and her three beautiful children are here, in my house, and my heart is singing.
chilln. Bn bck on my grizzly since we talked. When u ready tho
just digging into the new book. Its great! Thanks for the %/grams measures! Any signings in Milwaukee?
ah sorry, my bad!!! If I listen to that article, there will be no more of that! It's going to be tough...
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
You would know, wouldn't you? QT Ignorant,vicious abuse lowers whole society, maybe shows real social decay.
Is it really surprising? An ideological response to a problem that doesn't exist? Seems pretty standard.
#artistbetterthanjcole A$AP Rocky!
i think it would behoove occupiers to hold some sort of vigil for the victims.
I heard #smb26 was awesome and 's Media guru rocked the panel. Sorry I missed it.
Good so far how's its hanging on your end what's new!!!!
Expectations cause anxiety, worry and stress- just go with the flow.
So , I just signed up for Men's 4s Vball on the second highest level the city offers. Should be interesting.
RT Having Someone You Can Always Talk To >
any advice about finding com. col. grant opportunities? I've looked all over the gov. site, but there's nothing for us there. thanks!
let's fucking go
Busy, busy show. Just had Thom Brennaman and SI's David Dusek, Jim Armstrong from Cincy and Nugget Anthony Carter coming up! MHS, AM 1510!
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle No one steals my cocaine
CU still has a mens basketball team?
And that's a wrap folks! The #sxsw #gesture panel is over. (FYI, that was ) live-tweeting it.
Awesome. That's what I've been hearing for the most part. Loved season 3 way more than 1&2.
where were you 4th of july
last nights was I was held at gunpoint by a cartel member and had to cook him meth in my living room...then my family walked in
That's because you are a big sweetheart!
The only way to do it! RT : Jamming some to get ready for st pats
Exactly what year is North Carolina living in? 1812? I'm shocked at the audacity of people's belief that your life is theirs to run.
i heard what you said about me, yeah and you blocking me and shit on facebook, its kinda addin up. WE need to fucking talk
I agree. Taste was not in question, facts and journalistic integrity were. Give us a shout next time if you...
I see your point too! all good debates! It's a tough nut to figure out.
has a decent gluten free beer & nice wine. I miss The Abyss & Obsidian Stout-I hope they do a dark GF beer!
: I am enriched by all points of view. #SpiritualSolutions
And congratulations! Boy or Girl? How exciting. I would love to catch up!
RT : Weird headline that was perhaps inevitable: "NBA Suspends World Peace."
seems like the difference between the M's and a good team this year is about 1 inning a game
Just finishing setup for #SocEntWknd. Only an hour to go... let the countdown begin!
The Avengers is a very good movie!!! So is Battleship both are great
What can I say? The whole "rust bucket" sequence is perfect. & unlike some, I have no problem with Tony Stark killing people.
Am I seriously crying?
I need to quit being such a girl about things.
CHECK OUT OUR FAVORITES (:
If I were a man of sunny disposition, i'd say, "my first flight delay at age 37? That was a good run." But you know me--I like to bitch.
I am working on a new blog post about attitude...and why trying to maintain a good one is so important.
awesome job. You guys have been on a roll the last few weeks.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz
Haha nah, I was out making a difference by talking to LHC kids about being successful in life.
That would be awesome
Drinkin every nite cause we drink to my accomplishments.
RT : Look for a Q&A with the President of in today's Nashville City Paper.
"Time is only for those who seek it."
Get in a car, start driving, stop when you feel your car go 'bump.' (ps: any East Coast time for you this trip?)
I'm about to be at the big 10K tweets
lol. They still do, n sorry for the late response XD
Playing in the snow on the promenade before bed
20% of men watch porn at work
Clearly that's what ya want and how ya feel so that's how it's gunna be
Were we the only ones from San Fran around here? :)
Good work Fella!
WORD! RT PANCAKE DAY! IF YOU NEED SPECIAL DAY TO REMIND YOUSELF TO LOVE PANCAKE! THEN YOU LIVE LIFE WRONG!
Im older than by 7 days :D
Hypothesis: my productivity is linked with my water intake.
Right! You have a gr8 weekend 2
"The important is this: to be able at any moment sacrifice for what we are; For what we can become"
Mad Men Season 5 starts today. Damn, I can't watch 2 hours of smoke, booze, and Don Draper cuz there's no AMC here. :(( =))
Apparently, PS3s don't exist at Costco.
when you have a mini photo shoot & like all your pictures but don't want to seem conceited and upload all of them-.-
yep. See you at 2.
if she's never squeezed your head with her legs so hard that your ears popped, you dont eat pussy
it's monday!! time for another rousing round of weekend brags- whatcha got??? turn yourself on with your brags...
Haha, no worries, just bagging on you. Happy Wednesday!
I wish I had dimples :) it would be so cool to have some.
I duhno  More my speed: At the Fluff Festival: Blue Curaao, Rum, & others w/ Srawberry Fluff dollop. Coney Island Mens Room
That's one of the cutest thing I've ever seen. Where is it?
I love penny stocks...So I think " APRO.PK " will hit the top WOOHOO..
Trivia is at 9:30pm every Wednesday. You should head down next week!
Might as well give up with basketball
"In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins- not through strength but by perseverance."
Middle of the day bubble bath...Relaxing and needed
:((((( that's bullying bitshes I'm gonna call my other bf jushtin so he can beat y'all up
I really really need a new place to live. The power is now going out like every fucking day.
Good morning
All we Need is Love ! John Lennon<3
ok i followed > so do i tweet him
The Staples crowd has NO reason to boo the Lakers when they were more lethargic than the players.
Final chance for free tickets: upload a video of your best magic trick (and let's keep it family friendly). We'll vote for a winner!
Run, exercise, do acting, play video games, read, write study, play basketball and baseball
#actors going on Avail for #commercial #auditions doesn't seem to be what it used to be anymore.
Poll of the day: Why might #healthcare providers be reluctant to confer #patients' rights?
Lou Marson= not good at baseball
Following!! thanks for the suggestion!!
#3WordsOfAdvice trust very few...
oh yes, yes it does...we here at the SweetWater love roller...and we love derby as well
Good morning Twitter wont let me follow anyone new...
This dang bug buzzin around my room <<<
Think I'm gonna rent a car tomorrow and explore Denver... I know Colorado is beautiful and I'm tired of not experiencing it.
If you find meh one, i'll find yhu one!
She be trapped in the trash
Our character is the result of our conduct.
; But what's funny is : Technically , I am texting you , because I use my texting on my phone to tweet . so yeah . Lol .
She can only take so much in her heart
yea I'm taking Latin next year
in case you missed it Pappas tentatively scheduled for tomorrow now. Not sure of time, guessing will update us.
Aw thank you homey.
Almost fell on the guy next to me on te trolley. This day is going to be hilarious.
Despite cooked foods draining my intelligence, I'm down.
It's one of my favorite hats...dirr :) On or off, I'll still hold you accountable ;)
Jobs Council recommendations gaining ground, restoring competititveness and creating jobs.Latest winners:entrepeneurs!
omg! Nice LMAO!
lol NO I dedicate my love to your sister!!! LEINSA FOREVER <3
Not happy with the jidf. Falsely accused me of bullshit claims while stating I was the one starting trouble. why do you follow me?
Groupon Deal of the Day: For a limited time, save over 60% off its all-time high: Groupon stock. Still has a $7B market cap. wow. $GRPN
Guillen entered with a walker, in a red jumpsuit. He's handcuffed
wth.  somebody help that poor kid.
Scheme for pregnant women to be extended after pilot project - Business Standard
Thanks for the RT of my blog post, Melissa!
You okay man?
Got ya | RT Yo praying for my little sis been sick for a while now. Pray for my little sis.
pay you no mind :D
Shooting a wedding for someone I knew for over 30 yrs priceless
I'm excited too. Should be a great discussion!
my guy at the coffee bean & tea leaf gave me a free bonus shot of expresso in my coffee. it's like he knew...
TIL my fifteen-year-old declawed-in-front cat is a mousing MACHINE. Proof: this dead mouse on my bed. Help pls
I think the world is run by 'C' students.
The new record is mastered. It's about time to get this thing all wrapped up for ya.
This year has gone by soo fast!
oh! :( you almost gave me hope! lol
The buyers made the right choice on #FashionStar. Ross wouldn't take advice from the mentors or the buyers. It's time to go home, Mr. Texas!
We Love You!!
Yes I'm in college and yes I just hid hundreds of easter eggs for my roomies to hunt for :)
I have somehow managed to take 2 naps today.
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Carrot Ginger and Broccolini. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
So excited to spend my birthday with my second family 
What do you think are some of the greatest obstacles of our generation? and what do you think can we do to make change
thank you very much! That means a lot to me. Glad I can make a Positive impact :) thanks for your support!
Do i know you? RT : Omg youre honestly just the cats meow.
martial arts does help w discipline & focus. That had to be scary. Shudders.
so so happy for you!
iT NEVER FAiLS...
To avoid confusion Dave Hyde sent out tweet that Fins out of running for Manning and then corrected tweet saying they NOT out of running
I wish BELIEVE would just come out tomorrow...
We lost. Damn
oh lord forgive you. Dirty girl
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!!!!
Yankee closer Mariano Rivera has torn ACL, out for season, maybe end of career. Sad day for all baseball.
her n dj had a late night. They decided to start her bday early lol
don't wanna go to school tomorrow at all. :/
Public forum is now closed.
That awkward moment when Deena thinks she's a blast in a glass...
THANKS! Hope all is well!
Last year this tweet would have seemed uteerly ridiculous RT : Clippers. Grizzlies. Game. Seven. Enough said.
Shhh. time for !!! To God be the Glory...
OBAMA MUST BE DEFEATED, AND POLITICALLY DESTROYED! Somebody dig into his past! Search for evidence of infidelity on either his part,......
Nice. Best of luck! Get it.
36 holes of #discgolf today. not too shabby. hey , anyone finds a tie-dye Beast on 15 at Hudson, you let me know. :)
you're welcome!
Happy Birthday!
Just let me know. I will help in anyway possible.
So far today was an awesome day!!! Things are looking up! ;)
T minus six days until the husband heads to Virginia Beach for six months.
#Debian Wheezy is already shipping #linux #kernel 3.0
So I just started reading #hungergames and am really into it.
Sorry! Hopefully we will have more soon!
It's a new dawn. It's a new day.
this "analyst" sounds like he's on strong medication. If not, maybe he should be.
Sorry we didn't get more of a chance to talk. Company in town.
lol...my plans suck! Haha ...my day isn't even about me.
What do you feed the dog when you run out of dog food? We opted for half a bagel and cream cheese. Covers 2 food groups, no?
I use Zite (news app) on my iPad, it was in the entrepreneur section!
Boy: Suck my dick Girl: Why can't you be more romantic? Boy: Okay fine. Suck my dick in the rain. Hahhahahahahhahahaha
Congrats to the winners of The Ultimate Shaving Kit giveaway! You're gonna love the product. LIQUID approved!
Dean Smith: notes declining state support and unfounded mandates like staff benefits and pension obligations.
WOW I'm glad I ain't bet any money wit any of my #Philly followers, I call it how it is , Good comeback.
I feel like a Das Racist concert
Dats Right RT : Quality over quantity
People that dont text you back #smh. *cough* *cough*
We're outside, near the entrance. There's a small red banner above our table!
RT making a valiant effort to listen to no dance music tonight, no dub, dnb, house anything, just casual rock,
*One day my cinderella story will one day come true!*
Bizzare ending of Knicks-Hawks. Marvin Williams misses a dunk at the buzzer and Knicks to win 113-112.
We need a fluke goal from #QPR now, or 10 goals from #MUFC and
Today I have stepped in dog shit, slipped on a banana, & almost peed my pants. To whomever pies me in the face later, I like lemon meringue.
How can people steal your Christmas decorations out of your front yard? Coal for you bastards! Santa knows who you are!!
Okay I will :)
alone alone alone.. word ta kat williams lol
"SEVEN FOOT TEN. YOU'RE A MORON, CRIMSON"
I ALWAYS STAND WITH NEKO. RT : Saw "Girls"...Why isn't it called "Trust fund girls"? Also where was the "edgy" and...
haha have fun! Such an exciting week for you :D
U look amazing!! Can't wait for the new album I know u won't disappoint! U r the best and I love everything u do! I love u!!
Loved at the Ahmanson Theater #LosAngeles! :)
Ok. I'm just chilling waiting for you. Otherwise, I'm headed home :) It's five pm!
yup they all old as hell.
and have me working my hindparts off this week getting this music stuff done. Love it!!!
You know how Draymond Green has been at MSU for 9 years, well Tim Duncan has been in the NBA since '78.
The guy from the hannah monata movie is haawwt. Nuff said
LOL My mom's like "Why are you up so early? I thought you loved sleeping." u-u.
It was actually down the line. Stopped rolling before Cueto got there.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
that made my day holy crap I'm drooling.
Great. Gonna watch the Mircale of Life now -_- kill me
once again im pushed into the pool
When you let go of whats in your Hand-GOD will let go of whats in his Hand! unforgiveness-jealousy-anger-gossip-Lying Tongue
bored out of my mind. -__-
peeps that replay mike...all over pg
Explore art and the Visual Arts Center on your bike! Join Mellow Johnny's Bike Shop for a biking tour of Austin's Museums on November 12th.
Have not forgotten. Recording, will listen again as I explore Wordpress later. He knows his stuff. I just don't get it right now
RT IF YOU LOVE SEX
yeah these are cool saw them the other day
Congrats to for winning the iPad from last night's #WUT2 party hosted by Lucky you!
hahaha, from my party and my brother driving in to come and my hair being fixed right and my cake im a hott mess legit!
#TomStoppard #RnGrDead : #RichardDreyfuss is amazing in this; Tim & Gary too, of course.
A1 Completely genuine on the Many players fly in their moms for the weekend. $70 MM to charity in next 10 yrs at Players.
Congrats! I hope you wear your reward proudly at work tomorrow! ": I came in second!"
Hopefully! To Hyde Park. Staying in Chicago.
Twitter proving to be a subpar forum for the Uthoff transfer debate.
The tray lys between the concrete and the leather
... Great joke after the Avengers credits. Big laugh.
Follow me and I'll follow back I promise and give u a shut out
Good i hate faires anyway !
I think a healthy mix of impressed and appalled would be appropriate :)
flip a coin? but yes, we vote you should go. :)
So stoked that #NF my cellphone is alive now.
The IUP women's softball game at home against Wheeling Jesuit has been canceled. Pirates still play the Rockies at home (7:05 ROOT).
Found the weak link in the chain. This dude has got to go.
Laundry, cleaning and rest for the day before my crazy 50 hour work weekend
Don't miss our book signing + wine reception for Sodhi & Tang, Managing Supply Chain Risk at #POMS2012 today at 3pm in the exhibit hall!
u mean Nathan's all sweet and goody but what abuot Nate ^_^
he says he's an actor but ya know it's him we're talking about LOL
pretty sure you meant "unforrow"
Does anyone knoe hiw to get rid of spam..?
Good luck!
I have a little game that I would like for us to play...
:) RT : I'm going to next weekend. Love big bots with spinning blades.
spotted on 405 freeway caravan of Mazda 6's with Michigan manufacturer plates.
code4lib? interesting - now i just hav to think of something that would actually interest these sorts of people
I want to make sweet love to you.
Oh my. I need plane tickets and to call off from work...
could. Lots of options. Simple operation to get up and running and support home base. Too easy not to.
I am going to watch #QVC until I have the urge to buy something!
1 day, when SebJac are older - maybe they'll use #AmendmentOne #Prop8 etc as OLD examples of #HATE & discrimination towards #LGBT families
#NFB GO FOLLOW HIM.
IT'S BECAUSE APOLOGIES ARE A THING OF THE PASTE
Sometimes being an emotional train wreck isn't fun
Crazy travel day but wonderful day.
you made me smile pookie. <3
Very sweet Tom
Thank you for the mention! :)
Wish I could but am in pleasanton, ca for board meeting. Get back tomorrow night.
Yes! That would be great
I wanted you to stay cause I need to hear you say, I love you I've loved you all along and I forgive you for being away for far too long
Welcome to the team Kris Love, Nicolle Zurek, Shelly Simon, Matt Oswalt, Taylor Stevens, and Sarah Sheppard!!!!
m, delicious!
This chick
#Listening to I Gotta Get Away From You by Little Milton
it's like.. if you "like" someone's status on FB. you just retweet it instead of liking it i guess.
Thanks and for the follows!
Another Sunny Day in Beautiful Denver, CO.
Look like this nigga got on maroon bowling shoes smh
whaaaaaaa. sadness fills my soul!!!!
Don't give up. The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit. Just don't quit. -Penelope Trunk
The exhibition "Origins" at Arizona State University opens today! Another chance to see two of my latest works on canvas. I hope you enjoy
BUSY day today.
Doing the Season Preview Talk this evening with lovely fellow artists and audience !
Former #Indy resident now in LA getting the biggest laughs so far tonight. Add Zanland to your #indyfringe list.
Who do you think is a better rapper lyrically or
Weber Shandwick is hiring in their Beauty Division. Please email me if you have a background in Beauty PR,
My room is so cold.
suck my tits as i grab your hair...
I'm here to make this day special for you..
Its the last day for seniors! );
that is soo awesome congrats to you!! :) :)
BEAT from the awesome No world, White Orange, Ancient Warlocks show last night. Getting some help this morning from and coffee!
I do have claas
Dang I can't believe there is only 5 days of school left....wow it seems like this year went by fast.
Come on over and check us out great #deals, #crazy, #fun in Denver!
Station North Arts Cafe is catering at the Charles Street Friday Market- corner of Lanvale and Charles. pulled pork & cucumber salad? YUM!
thanks for your kind words Tyler!
I know it's super early in the morning and maybe 3 people will see this, but THANK YOU to the 1,000 + people who are supporting us!
need proof u actually ordered it tho
have you had Pliny the elder?
Some say the glass if half full some say the glass is half empty I say u gunna drink alla tht?
Push them to the dirt, till the words don't hurt; can you hear me?
Happy 37 months it's been real!!?
NO FAT LADY SINGING YET!!!!!
Nothin like working on labor day
Todays gonna be a good day. :-)
absolutely LOVED your message & meeting you! Please let's not just say we will & not: get together in
oh I've heard about that movie LOL
Double espresso, coke, magic flask and five hour energy. Round two!
Ended up in at the ABC in Augusta, GA as the new Sports Director, first week on the job was The Masters
: People will forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. - #FILive
Going to the Mariners game today, bummed that Griffey is injured. Still have yet to see him play, always injured. Next Year???
and last, but not least, !! thank you all, don't forget to use your 10% off coupon code at my shop! use "FOLLOWTHESMOKE" :)
Thanks! We're all part of the same team! RT : Some of my favorite teachers!
The Sleeper Pick are perfect ok case closed. bring in the dancing lobsters.
Trust me, "Ghostbusters In Hell" is better left dead. Dan couldn't even get Ghostbusters 2 right.
Branding message, logo, promotion: key to brand consistency in #twitter background.
we can convert you easily ;) nick is worth it!
Going to the beach(;
: : : how is the sexiest couple in Miami??>> Very Sexy!
The tweet I just saw >>> Hahahahahaa.
Wet Dirt for the win.
Happy hump days everyone enjoy your day!
My mother was very unhappy the teacher was encouraging us to read harlequin romances and so I read a pulp mystery instead.
Thanks for all who came out to support Chicago Voices. Kudos to actor Harry Lennix, Poet K-Love, and actress, T'keyah Crystal Ke'mah!
it sounds like Jesus and a unicorn having sex!
followed them!
#confession I play with my bellybutton
Super Bowl this weekend!!!!!
You Obviously Love One Direction
Commissioner Mintz with Mayor Bloomberg gives a shout to Beehive Tax Tool for #free #taxes for ppl earning under $57,000
wrap up and more pictures from the tail end of the #librotraficante, and longer, from a distance, content coming soon.
My mom doesn't want to take me prom dress shopping until I get a date, wtf no!
It's a great day at Smile White Teeth Whitening Salon!!
Then half way thru I just really wanted the 3 main characters to all get squashed by that "godzilla" thing, lol!
I take 4 days off & the first thing I read coming back is Liggett has fired just about everyone & is on "hiatus". Wait, what?
Waiting for bloodwork is boring. On a related note, I am starving. From the fasting.
Busy night. One man dead after fire in St. Paul. In a separate incident, a man died after a police chase that ended on hwy 52 bridge.
And off to Mansfield!
you're very welcome :) *giggles*
. So serene and beautiful...
good, I'm interested in what you saw. The story is always more complicated than the first impression.
Sunny to start the lunch rush then becoming partly cloudy this afternoon. Temps warming thru the 60's!
The guy behind you, what is HE having tattooed?
I know I spent my whole time there on I didn't even play lol-_-
#wwyd if ray ray ask you out on a date?...
:-] how are you today?
I feel physically beat up today. So tired, body just aches...Maybe three days off from work was a bad idea.
Am I asking for too much?!? It can't be this hard.
Love that you live tweeted your co-working today! Miss ya, lady.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
leave for England tomorrow to see the folks.
Beth Baker Quote: [Spring will be] a single candle on a birthday cake, ... But the question is, how many candles are we going to have?
Day one of vacation or our staycation got a sample of paint to try in the master bath. Living wild.
Deleting Numbers !
People change, I've learned to stay to myself! :/
I hate when #companies use #twitter to say something then use a link that has nothing to do with it. Shit way to get traffic on their site.
": Haircut time! (:" I demand a picture afterwards!!
RT Twitter: the only place where you get excited when stranger follows you...
*RT for a GM mention
Today's youth are digital natives and marketing natives
thanks for the love
Vikings Bill Passes to Senate Floor.
Anyone that buys and drinks that "Crazy Woman Water" is a crazy fucking asshole.
Boy, would I like to take a stab at making a better user experience.
i'm bored tweet me
Metta!! Stop booing my boy! Lol
Extreme Workout
The most healthy reaction to life is pleasure.
Can't wait to go dress shopping ;*
I went to eppies for lunch today and it was like a pregnant ladies convention in there. What was going on about 6 months ago in Cville?
What a stupid foul call.
Be sure to follow tweet the message today
Dairy queen :)
Happy V-Day!! , any plans tonight?
Hecks yea! Two hours! Sweet jesus! Lol
VP Joe #Biden gives his opinion on #gay #marriage. How does it line up with the President's thoughts?
looks like you read the article on how quotes gets you 50% more retweets lol... keep up the good work :)
Look for what YOU WOULD WANT on a website like yours if you landed there..then BUILD IT.
Off to Calgary!! Thanks for everything
GAME OF THORNS!!!!!!
i forgot i had a motorcycle. i'm gonna go ride it. haha .
it's pretty good. you should check it out.
#cafeperrin fish tacos and fish fry every Wednesday and Friday for 40 days!
But then I freeze & never do it, my tongue gets tied,the words get trapped, I heat the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near #1D <3
#SomeWhereOutThere is a kid who just tried to rob someone but realized that the person was a friend of their parents. Smh
Y should i be nice anymore these days... well I'm gonna say F*** It and tell ppl how it is and what's on my F'n mind...
I like to ask "What interests you about this position?" Good luck with your interviews!
did you really just ask that? ABSOLUTELY
Trash pick-up provided by city on public streets is the law. Period. Private streets are different animal all together.
am I death enough to say GM back #ornaw :)
AND HE'S BLEEDING!
i dont give a klunk if you shuck-face talks to me like that i'll throw you off the buggin' cliff -Maze Runner Referance
: One day before i die im gonna be a lesbian am i gonna have to explain to you how being a lesbian works
that explains so much haha no wonder I don't remember the night
Only 1 more week until Menopause the Musical. Dont miss the performance that will have you dancing in the aisles!
So cold. Come back sun! Tights in ad just isn't on-trend
What's your e-mail Bobbi? Been trying to get a hold of you for a booking.
im laughing so hard at ur call
You and Ari need to post more crazy stuff like that :P!
#primFTISLANDNYC We've been tweeting for three hours! Please come to New York 
This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays. This happens once every 823 years!
Gonna be a little MIA on twitter for the next couple of weeks cause of all the work I have due! :(
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
Good morning you Kings of Commerce, you Princes of Digital Content and Delivery. What fresh news are you laying on us this fine morning?
Proof in Study: Math App Improves Test Scores (And Engagement) |...
Happy 6 year LA anniversary to mee :)
Hey!! Long time, been busy and sick :( If I feel better, I think Sun or Mon works best for me.
I can't believe how amazing your tweets are :DD
Let me add that this is not for my employer.
follow back?
I'll be checking for plaster!
but I like chicken
I read this tweet in my sleep and thought it was too good to be true. I want in on the next brainstorm sesh.
This is a season of new expressions. Be bold in this season.
I feel you on the spammers though. You can't make one mention of that line of iFruit computers w/o getting several random replies.
Excellent and diabolical meeting with and today.
I always read all of 's tweets. #bestfriend or #stalker?
You treat me so bad but I still luv you. Kisses
Great to meet you, too! Thanks for such a lovely piece on
Get at me for Promo Codes for Retweet and i'll DM ya'll the code!! Stay
awe! wally is cleaning the fuck outta rebel. and rebel keeps trying to run away from him.
For some reason, your RSS feed for SUACI is giving me unprocessed markdown rather than HTML. Also it's stripping line breaks.
I don't think I could date a woman that cuss more than I do
I miss you, Leo.
Darling open your eyes, and let me show you the light.
~||.-! HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
how perfect, i was JUST going to ask around twitter about biking in columbus, so thank you for that RT!
YEAH YOU DID LOL!!!
RT : If Romney loses Ohio, CNN decision desk should call the election for Obama right then.
In a session with - they will be casting a "Lock Pick to the City"
Haha! I've seen this before...had to remind myself to not look up :) RT Con of being short: I see unintentional nose hair.
And that Emily is back on #Bachelorette to meet someone wealthy so she can raise Ricki with all the horses a girl could ever dream of
RT According to CR Mag, 31% of surveyed co's report enhanced profitability through the implementation of CSR program
I'll buy both no doubt, but I'll wait a while before playing through Ys Origin another 3 times...
profile in courage: obama, dems unwilling to stand up to hostile regimes, completely willing to steamroll American people on healthcare
Hurt me with the truth, but don't comfort me with a lie .
At the Doctors Office?? 
LOVE IT!
Lovingkindness practice. I've found my own name to be a reminder of inner worth, an invitation to presence, an inner temple.
Sports writing for leagues is about controlling the message. Now the media also wants to control the message -
Bergamot Station for the Home.Sweet.Home Gerald Slota/Neil La Bute exhibit.
Another beautiful day in the Gorge.... What are you doing?
Ok Donna Summer 's "she works hard for the money" vid jus came on and I feel the need to stand up and start spinnin around in circles
Social Media Marketing: 27 Stats, Soundbites, and Slides
oh right, that. I knew that.... I did, but she doesn't know who's group i'm in! Gah.
what if we already follow ?? Lol
- here in the States it happens this Sunday 2am, however they don't change in Mysore, right?
Oh.. I guess there was a 5th band at #rockthegarden and I didn't remember them either. Left the announcement a little early.
ari doing good getting stars and in the third grade
Can't tell people nothing without them telling others smh. Can u keep things to yourself for once in your life, damn
shot w/ miss this afternoon...gurl always be askin me bout love
56% of all women carry condoms. The other 44% carry babies.
Regarding #Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs - most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10 - happened 4X.
LOL. He is a loser though. Hahaa
I listen to too many love songs lol
oh fiddlesticks. Murray out to berdy. So my campaign 'murray for the french' has taken a minor setback. But good win for berdy.
With all this St. Patty's Day kissing going on, I have to admit I'm not Irish. However, I highly suspect my dick might be!
At the end of the day family is all we have so why turn on them? What goes around comes back around my ppl.
how so ?
Rowe: As a digital humanist, how do you navigate btw creating an archive of data + an interpretation that might foreclose other responses?
I believe that was a hack.
bets that the first guy to ever dress up as a clown was really creepy.
YAY good luck!! =)
Hey iAppreciate it!
thats pretty awesome still. I'll be lucky to get 12.
Tucked in flannel. Bury Your Dead. Mikem. James. Northwoods. We Win.
Buying stuff at the store* CASHIER: "Are you buying all these? :)" ME: "No, I'm stealing them. I just wanted to show you first."
i had a jewfro
Getting a different perspective on the use of white in iOS design.
Last week of the Spring Semester is finally here ...
Lucky you! That's awesome!
Or swished beneath a barf and a shmart glaze? RT : I feel like I'm always squished between a rock and a hard place.
What happened to Morning Deals?
what are they gonna say when #Patriots get bounced from playoffs by #Ravens AGAIN???? Joe will throw more TD's than Tom.
Hello to my new followers!!!
Jello Temptation Strawberry Cheesecake snacks... Freakin' Rock.
"I'm a horny engineer, I never joke about math or sex."
Okay well you know I'm always gonna here for you
Maybe not an iPhone, or pair of Google Glasses--but yes! Digital-encoded tattoo?
has finally scheduled Library Camp for Kinders-5th grade! Let the teaching bonanza begin!
The video is so cute! Rack up those miles so you can come out here! :)
We will be making our predictions for the 2012 season soon! If you have any thoughts on the matter, let us know!
Bike ride tomorrow from Georgetown to Great Falls, slight chance of rain, strong chance of FUN!
The Prince was 'charming, now our Founder is off to judge the MBA Talent Show in Kensington.Good luck to all youth who will perform tonight!
"God didnt create us to conform to others standards, but to stand out through our own God-given uniqueness"-Prov 31 devotion today
damn, hate depending or waiting on people. This is 2 days in a row my buddy forgot the disc I need -_-
I rather be a kat dat keeps 2 hisself then a kat wit a room full of fakes
even Better if they Preempt dancing w stars
Trying to do this thing called sleep but it's not working. Been over exercising, legs & butt feel so tight. Can really use a body massage.
#sxswmygrocerystore Gentlemen: the verdict is in. If you fashion yourself in the hipster set, laminate wooden canes seen nearly every aisle.
Apporximately 80% of my regrets involve hitting "send"
Ah I don't know if I could handle that, as much as I love puddles haha.
Not even kidding. My laptop's mouse just started squeaking. Can't make this stuff up, folks.
yay new jersaaaay! What's the website for music?? I'm in atl!
Congrats, Pete! That's FANTASTIC :-)
Thanks for the follow, Lillian
lol it was DELICIOUS. The person I made it for got a headache so I couldnt find her. I ended up eating it
I root for u and big Ben Untill Nov. When we melt the steel. Like we made Grill Cheese outta A. Rogers and Green Bay
Haven't wagered on soccer in a while bro... What's new? What are you doing in Italy? Where are you?
#Cash for Keeping Your Neighborhood Clean & making Baltimore a great place to grow. Call 311 for info. Please RT & share w/ followers!
Working on my post. Make sure you follow them for all things fashionable.
well your a loser too then.
But, if it were really that simple, none of us would have a weight problem, would we?
haha it's #Tuesdaythe17th :) watched that episode today!!!
can't get enough of cam2cam. do u like to show off as much as i do, baby? cum take me somewhere secluded, so we can see eachother get off...
Buying plants at Blue Grass Farms today
now following back
I love when my grandparents come into town. This homemade breakfast, lunch and dinner could defiantly last! Lbs
LET'S GO SIXERS!!!!! this is a nail biter.
two! Horribly!
star wars nerds, they always pick on the details. :D (the male singer was added though.)
samsies...anxiety of the work week sets in.
I know :P
Aint no doubt about it
HAHA. life's extremely confusing for me as well!! we should Skype this weekend about life.. haha
So exciting! Can't wait to get Baby Callen and Baby Mullen together next Summer!
Almost 1.3 mill signatures delivered to the sec of state!
its a shame...
is there a raindate?
Alberta foster-care supervisor faces child porn charges - Vancouver Sun
#Santorum: #Romney and #Gingrich accept global warming. But I spoke up and said, this isn't climate science, this is political science.
Awesome idea! More details? : Come aboard our Sunday Ice Cream Social Cruise, enjoy a treat & a sweet view of the city!
The Sookie Stackhouse books are so fun! I'm jealous of your morning
Not Evan Kiddin Will U Go Out Wit Me
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile: Show her that you care.
Cell phones; fantastic reason not to talk to people with petitions.
one beautiful woman you are! :-)
Bunkering down with my folks. Puts things into perspective when you pack up your life into 5 bags & think, is that enough to live on?
i know. i always miss the howl :(
with Scribble... is the "border-bottom: 1px dotted #C" intended to be seen under the header nav?
aw thank you <33
Breaking News! Facebook is buying Instagram. The rich just got prettier.
Great game !! God bless you all!! and everyone else!! You played great! *highfive* lol
We are currently working to resolve the Twitter DM spam coming from our page. We believe in fashion. Never spam!
Just received school librarian of the year award!
the video of him from the teen vogue shoot
And I'm back! says I don't tweet enough, hard to do with a 5month old that demands all your free time! :)
Awesome! They do make a perfect afternoon snack to fill you up, satisfy cravings and keep from having that afternoon slump!
Some people never learn how to grow up and act like adults, so sad that they have to create drama to feel like they have friends.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!! XP
I cant wait til sixflags open im goin on april seventh lol ima b out startin mi summer already ( :
OUR WORKSHOP WITH THE COMPANY MEMBERS FROM BROADWAY MUSICAL FELA! WILL BE TONIGHT AT 7PM! CONTACT FOR DETAILS
already tweeted and join that contest :]
Criss!please check out my twitter profile.i think ull really like the background.let me know what u think.8 more days til chat
who may??
Ever try working out while high? Face meet treadmill. Swag~~
Hey everyone! The facebook lookbook has been updated - the website will be soon, too!
Really enjoying the SharePoint Conference in Anaheim. We're giving away an Xbox 360 Kinect at booth 623.
Omg!!! Twitter wht is up wit yu???
. Agreed! I'm going to film mixology vids w/ Francesco & that would make a great addition. Gonna talk to him right now.
": Relax, you're freaking us out" #yogabbagabba should be on your network
favorite dytopian YA books? Me, I think The Maze Runner Trilogy!
deep fried pizza rolls..
Ayoo niggaaa. Date or for everybody. And follow back!;))
it's my fave since YHF. Glad U Njoy. Love that they have no label to bow to. They broke out. Consummated Wilco is my review.
"Life IS Downton Abbey." - Pam
Thanks for your patience and we'll let you know when the site is back up and running so that you can download your copy of
The only reasons "ex's" keep you as a facebook friend is to be nosey.
Hi. What are your thoughts on 45,000 WC being the minimum for YA novels? Is that a set thing or flexible? Thanks!
We are playing a real live show! Salute. Feb. 4th at the ever lovin' Hole in the Wall. We go on at 10 pm so no excuses, fogies.
And at the end of the day you're still the one on my mind..
look for teachers who demonstrate collaboration, systems thinking, innovation, reflection, & embrace ambiguity
He lives in Arizona. I never met him in person. Why do I feel this way?
play me then puss boy lol
Ohh the conversations I have with some people 
BOOK A STAR!
#Tengohambre .... i'm Hungry
hey, how's everything? There's KONY 2012 video that I'm helping to tell everyone to watch to inspire them to spread the word.
Neanderthal Sponge - I'm a Republican
You can market this to future students via IPC in Course Guide uses social media to engage classroom.
After working close to where I live I kinda forgot what taffic was, looks like Im gonna play some plate poker for a while
that thing you use to knock bitches out in alley ways to rape them :X
Twitter Follow also on DJMAXXCT
Time to get this money today
RT : A4: Show youre ready by going above and beyond the call of duty
aaaannnd they said it was gonna rain today.... I see some good old sunny #SanDiego action from where I'm at ;)
We're at Click's. We go on at 10:30
Snyder: new NEH-funded software dev project with students, teachers & scholars in mind
Eventually this century will be the past century, right?
Geat day outside.
Joe Szakos to City Council: "there is no doubt that discrimination exists in Charlottesville" and urges approval of commission
I really like that one!
Time for bed :) had a great time with babe!!
They need to get rid of the sparkles table.. I keep buying jewelry
pryor burns uo early, but limping noticeably
Yuni B came into today batting .345.
Having someone there to comfort you when you really need it >>>
I'm thinking of training for a 5k. Would be my first. I know you're a runner & wondered if there r races memorial day weekend.
That seems like a more relevant anecdote if anything, right?
Heading to Mooncusser Films in the morning for more production work on the documentary film project.
Trendy hairstyle Out at the tips 
Follow Healthy Hair products people each and every friday were to pick up your hair samples at.
what size and color...check www.bitchimfrom.com
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE <3
New merch store coming to the official C.T. website soon!! Stay tuned to find out how you can get a new copy of the "This Time" special...
Where are you from in Texas?
has the deepest tweets at night<3<3 I think its his thinking time about how far hes gotten & everyone who got him there
Max in bad mood this morning. We are at level orange people. :::crossing fingers::::
Jeff Withey is getting molested.
Sometimes I really feel like I'm flying:). Ever have that feeling? Best feeling in the world!
sounds like a winner to me ;)
Sardine? Soggy fries!
Justin Bieber apart of the
Black Plague doctors... fuck yeah!
Wasup Fans Check my track out..www.reverbnation.com/phildafunk
Learning I can not trust everyone only God!
So. Nurse sent me home cause of my eye. Doctor at 11
TONIGHT - $2 you call it for service industry workers. Request S.I.N. cards at the bar.
be yourself and watch it bother other people
A big ass bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's sounds soo clutch right now.. i am in desperate need of food to cure my hangover
TRON (1982) will be released on Blu Ray in time for Easter. Yum!
How about clearing a room SWAT-style? I already have that...
Haven't you been doing nothing BUT studying?!.. Or were you just Tumblring with your books open. Hahaha
and I approve of your new kit's boob lasers!
Honestly on Kelly clarkson's latest album is one of her best songs
LOUD session one!......Commence!
#notquitecharleston but I still would never leave. Its country and southern enough for me.
roof top party en le NYC for le CInco De Mayo....um perfect?
He had a very nice "HEAD START"
Tarheels win! Duke loses! Makes my day!
#ThingsIDislike When a dudee only talk to you to fuck
"I can't give away my most romantic thing, then other guys are gonna know my romantic...things." -- lmfao Justin Bieber
Need one in West Virginia too
Omg are obsessed with Italian biffing it during the sausage race!
All you spineless people; go ahead and smoke the real problems away all you doing is leaving them for your young to parish under.
Malik, I haven't had my cycle in forever. I'm having your kid. His name will be Trvon. #YaDigg? :)
And now we know why our educations system is starting to fail. Not even smart enough for self-preservation.
Another Friday the 13th...but no superstitions here...a lot on the plate today...St. Patty's taxis..skybus news..and awesome hockey hilites
I'm doing great, how are you? Hope you have a nice weekend coming up. :)
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them
Note 2 potential followers: if your profile describes sex acts, or if you have words like, bj's, cum etc. in your email, UR gonna b blocked
Time Efficiency Tip #1. When your computer is slow, don't go to your social media sites. Just wait or buy a new computer.
I'm going out. Where? I'll find out when I get there.
Getting ready for a big weekend here at the lake. We are up 32% and still climbing! This is going to be a great 2012 for business!
go on ur messages i need to tell u somthing that other poeplz cat know
Finally found a grad dress!
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher and Get a FREE Pizza! Also enjoy $2 Guinness Taps and Our 3 for 3 Deal - 3 Miller Shorties for $3!
Or MySpace?
Happy hump day!<3
Reminder about our meeting tonight EAers- 5:30 at The Beat! Be there or be....
i know that some people dont say this but im ready skool LOL but really
Ra finishes Dawn with his attack. Heroes win with 4 down and 1 at 1 HP. Holy crap.
goodnight Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely night. Sweet dreams love you so much! :* &hearts;
totally fucked up a deer on the way home from our 98 Rock radio show...
use our coupon code save20 just about everywhere that will take it. if they don't, tell them to DM us.
Ok maybe half will be good enough ... I just want kpop to be popular enough in america for a USA tour
thanks for the follow!!! will be jealous, you should follow her too :)
- it was epic!!!! More diddys to come!!! Xoxo
I told Aubrey she can't leave me..it's so hard noting having your best friend by your side every single day ):
Would love to chat with you at UXHappyHour about the UX research work you are doing.
Also Philosopher Bernard Stielger speaks on "Education as the Development of Attentional Forms" Friday 3 PM ATEC conf room via
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone <--- My everyday tweet from now on
Working on Econ finals. Less than a year to go in my MBA program then onto the PhD - am I crazy to want to spend 11 years in college?!
Only those who are confident in themselves can give out praise to others without hidden agenda. Our sweet Adam is first in line.
Enjoying the Klout love for #pinterest! Thanks &
hey dylan guess what! YOUR IN 5TH!!!!
That promo was fantastic. (Shocking, I know)
Part 2 going into edits this week (at last...) Stay tuned!
National Lampoons Christmas Vacation
paper done! now off to club snell. plz let there be good parking spots
Thanks a lot for using my mother's afghan that way. How am I not supposed to remember that every time I see it?
I have some mind blowing deals on New & Used cars here hit me up, bad credit no prob
In NC... living the dream.. lol
Eric Sevareid~ The bigger the information media the less courage and freedom they allow. Bigness means weakness.
Returning to last week's theme of German-Jewish scientists for a few tweets...
are you?? Maybe ill see you!!
how long does it take usually to approve a listing?
I'm so freeking mad.
Nice jinx. It was that Tweet that made Curry's 3 hit rim, glass, and drop
About to start my interview for my 2nd job. Hopefully it's quick, so I can go to my 1st job.
I hope your not saying that too me... :/
I already followed your twitter and blogger.I can't follow your blogger yesterday,there sth wrong with it. Now I can follow
Yay for taking care of our company members!
try tweetdeck. i've been using it for awhile and like many things about it.
yes! 30 was horrible. Rather had cena
I hope I can!
Again the hazard of minimalist sculptures for texting pedestrians.
say no mo
Porsche's new baby crossover uncovered, targets younger buyers The newest Porsche, a baby crossover inspired by the larger Cayenne SUV an
You were on Twitter for a while, then off as long. I hope this doesn't run you off again.
Awake my soul
Homework homework homework and a few papers due
There is 100% data loss when someone passes away.
"your too sweet you don't need any candy" - lita
I haven't forgotten. I'm giving it a go on a guest pass. I didn't get to play in the open beta to get it out of my system.
Didn't #Austerity set the stage for Hitler to become so "successful"? #JustAskin'
Yeah and thats just for the party, I wanna go up town and mares & that! Weekend before T, this shall be interesting lol
Due to circumstances beyond our control, The Mysteries of Chaco Canyon has been postponed to Thursday January 12th at 7 p.m.
Everyone at the airport is drunk. Still waiting for a flight home. :(
Once again it's on....
If only they could see me...
Finna wrap my hair forreal now
I guess that's what I need to do RT : when I feel dat weh, I just go back to sleep and start ova lol
#DontBeScared to dissapoint someone if theyre #real they'll love you no matter what
kettle chips :(
I want a birthday tweet from my bandboy crushes ;)
I wanna see! Lol
@ 112k at 1st break. Avg 150k. 144 players remain. Starting table already broke. Current table seems decent.
I think thats a good idea. lol
meh I like bobby just cant stand hogan & eric bitchoff lol
Smart move having more than one person there to live tweet and answer Qs. Learned from experience?
hell i aint like other ppl you better follow me back
- love it!
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
": SO HAPPY FOR YOU JUSTIN I LOVE YOU" who does he mean by Justin
I did not know you were an eagles fan. I hate to say it - cause I love big red. But this is bad.
yep for sure!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so call maybe.
dude no shut up(: haha so who you going to ask to be you're Valentine's??
People really think I don't know where Columbia Heights is. Neat.
Great conversation with tonight ! Always fun & interesting. Looking forward to the next.
Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you. - Marsha Norman
if you had trouble upgrading the app, delete and reinstall. you will NOT be charged again.
they work now?
After work today, errands and laundry. And after that, a massage at 9p. I should sleep well tonight. :)
Arguments are seldom about truth & facts; they are almost always about feelings & identity #isastc pat bassett
obviously with mark and miles and danny coughlin hbu??
Mexican bakery is replete. It's Mexican mother's day and I'd forgotten. Oops.
Doh! How could I not think of those totally valid reasons?
Heckuva good time at the Calvert City Gun Club with the "Sportsmen for Edelen". Shot well and enjoyed the company.
Appreciate your response. The Publican is an exceptional restaurant, which i visit as often as possible.
#Actors - Avy Kaufman #casting "Scoutmasters" roles incl. STUART 88 Barely Alive, CATHOLIC SCHOOL PRIEST 60, NUN 40, more roles in the app!
Lunchtime with the boss for his third birthday...his pick, pancakes... Aretha Frankensteins downtown Chattanooga
Don't forget about our free osteoporosis workshop tommorrow from 6-7pm!
Bonjouuuuuuuuuuur Bella :D'
Happy Friday & Happy Fall! Any big plans for the weekend?
are you considering doing Reason Extensions at all? I would kill for a Stutter Edit make my friends buy it too
I been taking it for two & I can only count to nine RT ": I took spanish for 6 years, i learned NOTHING."
Wishing you all a safe and happy Easter, may you enjoy all the candy you have been denying yourself the past 40 days!
Monday morning coffee is the best cup all week. I bet knows what I'm sayin.
Stiles got me excited cause of wat he said 2 derek ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
We need social media skunk works to make large, post secondary institutions incubators of inquiry, scholarship & research
Hey momma i cant wait to see you at the office !! it doesnt function well when you aint here !! yeah i said ,, AINT LOL
Check us out on Facebook let us know what ya think :)
A women will we fuck for the money, even if your ugly. If you got the money she's fucking!! hahaha
: a whole year lol a fast  year lol
ur one of the most talented, poetic rappers around . Your music will be legend . keep up the good work of bein you . : )
That is, I think, the natural consequence of interacting with students. =)
#gwu Safety & Security: "A student said a suspect was in the library Police searched the library, no suspects were located Gelman reopened."
Yes, gents. Your dulcet tones can occasionally be heard here in Seattle!!! Hope you're both well. Come visit!
Bible study was off the chain. If u need the notes, let me know :)
MT : Most air travelers on leisure trips, take money out of country. But airport expansion benefits airlines &airport operators
We have shipped all of their orders. I would imagine you will see your order in about a week.
good morning !!!!!school is officially over for u-rise it to the roof ^ woot woot^^^coming over tonight !
I think I deserve a cut of this deal -- with payment made in the form of 6-inch sandwiches.
Mr. Player i'm getting tired of your games so this is me saying GOODBYE :)
RT : View from the Pews will be showing at the Sideshow Fringe in Nashville on October 1! Mark your calendars!
Our BeST research says a wage of $22.65 an hr needed to support family of 3 in DA cnty
questions for Ross Lynch: 1. What do you miss most about not being famous? 2. Would you date a fan? 3. Prom? (jk. Hehe)
follow back? very excited for the video!
Just woke up, so tired!!! School os starting this Monday !!! Uhhhggg!!!
You should start transitioning to whisky lemonades now. Summertimez!!
RT I've been watching all day! : Also, Property brothers is amazing!!! #Iammymother
How 'bout those Ravens, Dr. Bob? Do you get back home to Baltimore often enough to see any Ravens home games?
Please check it out.
Today was a tiering day......
It's freezing in FL i can't really enjoy anything! I like coco's dress
If it's not meant to be, then it's not meant to be. But I keep thinking him
Thanks, Rhett. The sentiment, at least from the national media, was that 25+ restricted schools was too much.
Start with the end in mind so you have a mental picture in mind of why you started.... Your reason to end!!!
: I love when fat girls wear yoga pants. I know you LOVE this ;)
when tthe full moons out...
Facebook Pushes Mobile - RedOrbit
game still aint over
I'm so deterrmined foor you to answer one of my tweets onee daay hhun (;
#TheSandlot movie is getting tons of play in my house these last few days. Great kids / sports movie
you're welcome! & aww thanks, you too!
That girl in that Honda commercial is cute!
just saw your PEETA license plate on the blog and I must say... INSANELY jealous!
I wouldn't leave home without a! Try describing the inside of a parking garage though: "I'm in the slopey part"
you'r so sweeeeeeettt , omg mary me ? (:
Oh, you can tell this is a ritzy restaurant by all the people who tucked their plaid shirts into their jeans!
Any #mahomies know how to help me put a tribute video for on youtube???
i guess so goodwill LOL craziest shit i senn and about laughed myself to a heart attack
whats twitter jail?
6ra mann mi phone is so stupid on twitter it goes to slo!
damn that's awesome! What's football like in the year 20,012???? Flying players? Aliens? Teams on Mars? Tell us please!!!
JCS matinee with and then ushering Blister, rapture, burn (playwrights horizons) at night
check out Jeppa Joe's - newest hotspot for lunch. Fresh local ingredients, global flavors. At Marquette today - 15th & Wells!
<insert tweet about the Grizzlies here>
When the Lord is on your side you have nothing to worry about real talk
it's not a tax, it's a fee. No one forces you to pay a penny with this.
Watching the Justice League. The kid in me is excited
-____- Alex left stranded
I agree
Drew's a must follow for college hoops news / csnbayarea.com issues! #soproud RT Making appearance on tonight
Lf# As a child Derrick Rose used 2 practice his free throws...his coach said he must stop shooting from the other teams line
#PleaseFollow the Colin at the - they do great work for urban students and communities! (And I work for them!)
My sister is baking cookies for "homework". Louisville girls catholic high schools...
lol, sorry for the late reply I was showering
yes ma'am...got back wednesday night
Like us on facebook and you could win a copy of our EP FREE!!! #LikeMeLottery Good luck
Busy cleaning things in the house.
In case you missed it.... And this one belongs to the #Reds!
I appreciate your dedication to your arrangement.
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing Twitter for Good & How to Fundraise on Social Media until 11am @ booth #1112. Don't miss her!
Crazy last week: Started a graduate course on nonprofit marketing, put an offer on a house, went to Badgers game, attended college reunion.
Welcome - it will be a great night.....
So excited about the song selection for services this Sunday!
sounds like a VIBRANT opportunity!!!
If my name was Robert, I would introduce myself as "I, Robert" to everyone. Sadly, my name's not Robert.
wtf movies don't be making sense but hey that's my wife right there to <3
Not too far from U of T! :)
Keep up the good work! #motivation RT : killed me today!!!! Thank ma'am!!!! Getting MIA ready
Note to self: put on an oven mit when grilling so a sudden breeze doesn't grill your fucking hand. Ouch.
On air from CAROLINA REBELLION in 9 minutes! Join the party. 1065 The end on iheartradio
found some SUPER cute sundresses to send to my babies- Majlinda in Albania and Boikokobetso in South Africa!
Ok, I just spammed my FB peeps AGAIN lol to follow I just dont get why more people dont love y'all like us #Wellers do!! <3
don't think it's up yet. ASAP sports should have it, but probably not until tmrw.
I have another zombie survival tip for the next person to msg me with their screenname for aim!
Gingrich says he cheated on his wife with a staffer because of how passionately he felt about America. Why don't I love America that much?
Girls being overly excited and extremely loud in the mornings
que le sucede!
I'll be taste testing a few of those Yard House taps this weekend. We can see the place from our condo; new hangout maybe.
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :)
It was great meeting you as well at #HACR2012!
Every ending brings with it a brand-new beginning.
yes we should lmao
WWW.OGOVERVIEW.COM
Is it an iPhone? Open Safari and go to the page you want to make a button. In the gray bar at the bottom is an "export" icon...
Finish up at job nmero UNO now it's time to start JOB number two
just added to - man i have been away for a while. Good job on potlatch 2 everyone
#YoMommaSoFat She has her own gravitational pull.... :-v
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT.........FAKE BOOTY!!! Lol aye u wrong for that lol
great photos, but i can't find it on the Historypin map. you can also embed your content map/list on yr site
Sure no doubt.
well that's it 8:01pm the polls are closed, It was a great day!
20-6 with wins against who? They havn't beaten a top 25 ranked team. Just Sayin
Every piece of sh-t every man has to eat every day of his life is personal. They call it business. OK. But its personal as hell.
I got into a car accident.
My "friends" from Facebook are finding my Instagram -__- Next they'll find my Twitter D: How can this be?
Just read a quote that made me vaclempt it is so on the money: "When you have kids the days are long but the years are short." So so true.
No one to talk to... What a familiar feeling.
Let's go Rodgers!
Looking for some new fragrances for spring? Try Rocky Rose, Lavender Patchouli, or Honeysuckle!
Foreal bro? RT : real shit bro minds well im done at SRU
sounds great I am always looking for more local people to play with
#rageagainsthemachine is the band most responsible for most of my frequency loss. Thanks
RT if your watching the #Tribe play??
Why can't people pick up their dang feet when they walk???
You have a girlfriend.....but youre just so freaking hot. Why. #uglygirlprobz lmao.
thanks for a job well done! Stay here as our Coach until you retire. Big Blue Nation and Coach Cal is a great combination.
Too much nutmeg tastes like dirt!! Mouth all gritty and ish
ugh ugh ugh wtf
glad you liked it. Perhaps not my usual. ;D Have a super weekend!
I am so bored right now, slow day
CityLoft was hot last summer. Woodward was block off for a fashion show. Should be an annual event
Nothing better than ice cream and #ModernFamily when you're sick. :)
Watching Obsessed. This bitch woulda got hunted down and stuffed in a trunk if she drugged my husband or messed with my child..wtf. 
vague tease.
No but you can be Stephanie and I can be Donald...:)
The weirdest people fly at night
Dude, she just called you Mexican... Oh hell no, hold my taco.
We got it
i just turned 14. :)
I feel like I wear these shorts to often, but theyre the only long enough appropriate for school. Whatevs, Its hot outside.
It's Sunday! The perfect day for new home shopping! What are you doing today?
< aint nobody worse than fat when he in his zone lol
Ah damn! Sigma throwing down HARD! Let's kick it #twincities! coming up next!
I think that might make it worse, no? It's too hard, so let someone else do it...
Random thought, but we're floating around in the universe right now.
It's gonna be a great game
Ces Convention in Las Vegas Jan 2011 Offering discounted group rates or individual rooms Rates Book now www.myvegaspeople.com
Wow! Why does the NCAA hate Memphis so much?
Watching Big Rich Texas with Viggle Sun | 6PM | Style Get real rewards just for watching TV.
What's love got to do with it?
Thanks for the Tweet!
Happy Birthday ! I remember celebrating at Lake Atitlan, Guatemala
Thanks to Cody Simpson for following me. #ohWait he hasn't :(
Edgier than whack-ass young Republican bullies, bigots, and liars, yes.
RT: I really dont care for easy-to-understand language. - No one, ever. #confab12 | I don't think this could be said any better.
you should ask him the PW to his twitter to see if he's really faithful
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Watching the newest episode of Punk'd. is flawless.
Can today be considered Ash Thursday since I passed out while smoking a joint and burnt my forehead on the cherry?
Just spit out my grape drank. ;)
probably swallowed up in someone's cleavage. :)
Saw your video, The Emotional Stages of Writing a Novel; Great stuff! It was all so true! I'm currently revising my YA MS.
Did y'all get hacked or something?
you know a hell of alot more about the game than I do. Ive just Always love Kobe for some reason, not even the lakers as a whole
I prolly will in a little bit haha
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 33
Nothin' like walkin' around Beverly Hills to make you realize how trashy you really are- and I Love it!
you so much!
I have seen so many of you niggas girlfriends around my way its a shame
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
how the hell can you get back stage passes for for 2013 in boston? -.-
noprobs yea,wait yep i know ur 16 bro
Oh ok reading it was Jessica biel
Revolutionary Cleaning can power wash siding, patios, roofs and other hardscape areas of any commercial or residential property
Special after work event on Thursday, 1/26/12 at The Reef featuring Kindred the Family Soul and benefiting The Lupus Foundation...tix $25
Now off to #SanFrancisco to explore the city and go hiking with Brian and Laura
But one type of book that practically no one likes to read is a book about the law.
#realtalk RT : If I text you and the text doesn't turn blue, I feel like I don't even know you anymore.
Congrats! Can i have a shoutout? :)
Good night! It's one here. I have to drop my tired body on my bed. Night
History in the making RT: Good news.Bob arum agrees to the random testing.
if you put ice cream on a pop tarts it taste like heaven.
Hm, think we may have to handicap you. Are you a mean drunk?
How do you get up from an all time low? You go see !! Can't wait for March 25! :)
when did you get back to NYC?
Good morning #PDX! Headed to work at the #office with a #stiffback? Avoid carpel tunnel #syndrome and visit our #NW #chiropractic facility!
do u know what twitter is??ucan follow everyone u want too..if u dont ill unfollow u.no worries :)
Obligatory LOL Bulls lost, out of playoffs tweet.
The niggas in my circle now is the niggas who really kno wtf I go through on a daily bitches don't mean shyt to me they only after my money
Cool. I'm based here in FL, but travel to NY often for bus. Trying to exhale lately but that doesn't always work.
This is one of warmest and prettiest Pittsburgh springs I can remember.
i just want it to be summer, be really tan, be on weapon line, and love my job instead of being nervous about it.
So excited to celebrate 's graduation this weekend!
A lady is a woman who makes a man behave like a gentleman.
thank you for the great content AND the retweet ;)
is ready 4 church @ th nursing home 2morow night all blessings :)
your English is perfect! I finally arrived here and it's beautiful!
I have nothing to say other than the call for artists is still available on the blog. been a slow week! check it out.
Does anyone know who created the American Museum of Natural History iPhone app?
no! I will defend the man n say there better b chocolate chip pancakes awaiting in the mornin!
Dream BIG, and greater things come your way! :-)
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
lol yea you right
thanks again, those are really nice words! And any help you can give with LA will be much appreciated. Logistics are daunting!
I'm gonna be the best mom ever ! 
"I just realized I am unhappy. And that, frankly, depresses the hell out of me." -Frustrated Grad Student
its all good
tried to open it but it wouldn't work
Thanks!! : Anytime! You guys rock my world.
Money is Nothing. How you Flip it is EVERYTHING.
follow please :) tnx
Hard work pays off, don't let anyone tell you different.
Dirty mouth? Clean it up, with new orbit mint mojito.
Done for the day. See ya tomorrow. Here's to Friday!
If I follow this outline just so, I'll be writing about new years eve on new years even. Write what you know!
take ur clothes off and come see me!
I can seriously fall asleep at the drop of a hat lately.... Scary when driving!
hospital w/john :/
My entrepreneur vs job score has a difference of 6pts. Hm...
RT Me you! Love ya rihanna!!!! : I'm on my level yea
Glad my #Dodgers are playing the #Pirates. Visiting my family in WV & can watch them on TV. Go Blue!
Texas Home & Garden Market Opens THIS Friday!Attendees receive a free goodie bag w/ coupons, samples & PRIZES!www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Congrats! RT : Great night! won the Spirit of Service award! $10,000 from Deloitte!
Clause and the relationship between the two.
graphic novels have been growing in popularity here, especially Bone and Amulet (Kibuishi). Anyone have recs?
please tell me that was a dream
I like your denim underwear.
RT #Quote Do not fear death, fear the unlived life. -Natalie Babbitt
now dats a beautiful cute sexy smile...
Another cold night ahead... FREEZE WARNING until 9am Saturday.
Even Though I Feel Like Caca, I Wanna Wish Everyone A Good Morning! 
it's official...i hate yahoo mail. why does it keep breaking in Chrome?
Smith-Rowsey: 3. pro-capitalism (beyond affluence, "there's an app for that," demands, triumphs the free market)
: bring to the ER: 1) Insurance card! 2) Info abt #specialneeds #RBabymoms & diapers, my daughter is 8 ER never has her size.
Best FB post I've seen: If you watch Godzilla vs King Kong backwards, it's about two monsters who forget their differences and build a city.
I'm the only one in my immediate family not in Utah.
Anytime! Love food questions!
YEAH SRY Chris has Troy's same shoes!!! Also I need a balloon!!!
: The Kardashian's are so talented!
always get choose
You definitely have a good spot already.
thanks so much for the RT! We truly appreciate it. :)
Actually, it's refreshing to hear from people who love their jobs. I love mine, too, but who wouldn't?
: I haven't seen her since HS. My cousin Kashia said Phil told her she passed away from walking pneumonia.
Hahahaha:) you are crazy!! But I love you just the same
A Lot of ppl talk about being about money but when it comes all down to it its all talk.. Grind hard or die of hunger..
man you already know I can record at anytime.its nothin for me to put out a new track, lol.
I want more then what I got.
ya'll the damn sap police!
ill dm you
pre-post prime appreciation!
The sun is shining and the beer is brewing, stop by and smell the hops!
Well, that doesn't mean he's straight.
On a roll after winning the MU Biz Plan Competition...nearing the end of private beta!
Hey Philly! Instead of a soda tax, I'm willing to vote for a Use Your Dern Turn Signal tax. I mean, c'mon people.
Peace out, lame-ass UW bb
what happened with delta???
It's BRUNCH TIME! We have new Brunch martinis! Let us know which one you like best.
so happy for you Trenard!!!
Thanks! Was great meeting you too, and great job on the PR!
followed!:D
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: The South Shore's Finest Fish Fry.
you should so put as your avi! :D
oh so we're officially related now? I didn't realize twitter had so many features.
I never would have figured that out in a million years. Holy crap
I'm not Fred's friend. At best he's my wingman. #bro RT : Can't forget 's friends: , and
LOTR because epic times are needed.
me 2 but I lost a year cause I come drone another country and stupid school couldn't translate my report card till now --'
The paps can get at you all the time, but that was IT when they tried to take away you walking where Jesus did. IDIOTS!
You were humping your mattress this morning yell "A-rod, save me from chubacca!
The American diet is typically very acidic. Try to limit your intake of red meat and increase the amount of fruits/vegetables in your diet.
hope you both got some rest and are doing ok. love from silver spring.
I figured that was worthy of a mention, don't you?
Nah this is dope shoulda made it this one
At Hotel Sax listening to the fabulous Stacie Francombe with ISSE!
So my sorry no count redskins beat this team 2x this year. Someone pls xplain
Just want to cry.
Double overtime! Let's go Hoyas
Something's missing and I don't know what it is at all
Laundry duty on the line #kinectcontest is going down
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." ~Alfred A. Montapert~ Have a restful night & an amazing week, all!
is so mean!
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
I don't know who won the Oscars.
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is that I continue to stay motivated, spiritual & persistent in bettering my life & the life of my niece!
Lol do you always wear contacts or do u wear glasses too?
I dislike when people make up excuses that only make sense to themselves....
figure out I have bad hand writing tonight. I guess my way of writing far looks like I spell car.
New Find at Superior Cake Products - Black and White Cookies. Delish! Parve
preparing 7 courses of cherry dishes, for tonight's dinner. Barre Phillips and Mark Dresser are performing!
Could not sleep at all cause my body was hoped up on red bull, 5 hour energy, and poptarts lol
Dr. Elaine Soter will be the guest on today's Voice of Diabetes with Anastasia. Tune in at 11:00 on KOKC 1520 or www.voiceofdiabetes.com
i did enjoy because i was late. Next time ill make sure to stay on the computer
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and NEVER let anyone tell you otherwise. I get called that all the time, just ignore it. :D $Mi!
My 5 year old has begun stealing my purse. I found it in his room, emptied of all candy and gum. Now what?? :)
If I was an ass man, I'd frequent professional ballet performances.
RT : Retweet this if you're sick and tired of the MSM pretending it's the Republicans who are 'extreme' in the debt debate.
yep for sprint. The cali travel is mostly for promo work. Do you travel at all?
Would be so happy if I can meet Tom :p he's from Australia anyway :p
Happy Mother's Day Bella's!!
Acute Sinusitis treatments - nasal saline irrigations are often helpful
Sitting in anticipation and expectation of the great things God has in store for me.
I LOVE YOU!! You don't deserve any of these dumb ignorant people yelling at you! They are all dumb and can go die! I love you!
People annoy me. Twat.
We have summer here...long before it should be summer.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. - Tony Robbins
"None but ourselves can free our minds." ~ Bob Marley
Checking for opening in NYC, Thx
makes me think of dirk
Ray J's penis was longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage... Just sayin'
Watching live streams over the Internet, able to rewind and replay at will, I am reminded of just how dead conventional tv really is.
#wikileaks releases #Apples Battle with counterfeits in
Irony: Everyone going blind in the year 2020?
Love Sydney! I was homesick on Christmas, but got over it.
So hungry D:
So proud of all of the graduates! Welcome to this mighty circle of Bison alum! Enjoy every moment! 
your website is down. Please fix.
getting brains from Bains
Seriously does anyone have a picture of the senior prank????
IT'S BACK, WOW, When that happen???
: i wonder which of the "5" wines the stanford study group would have chosen if they had to paid for it?
It is pouring in Portland. Perfect weather for
C'mon #Mariners , you can do it.
just stream the games online
RT : Don't write to serve your audience; write to serve your work. Do the latter and the former will take care of itself.
February 21st (Day 21) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Spring Water
March is a big month for me. Finals, moving, and new roommate. One day at a time, right?
hello my angel :) sorry for the late reply, I'm not at home at the moment . I'll write u an email as soon as I am at home+
Just got tickets to see the #HungerGames again. Looking forward to noticing the smaller details this time around.
&quot;Dancing with the Stars&quot;: Jaleel White out after dance duel - CBS News
love you AND st pete! tks for the RT
sent you an email.
c'mon everybody only 11 more Likes to go!!! #150 gets a FREE loaf of bread!!
awesome! Ill follow any fan of Cena :-)
Super Bowl follow: Been crushing coverage all week. Don't see that changing tonight.
lol i saw it.... and for the record that ball was hard to hold on to hahah
haha your funny...you wish you could text this
Hey Saifoo! Not sure yet - looking into it. We'll be sure to let you know ASAP
nope. it's just vanilla and tears.
Bubbaaaaaaaaaaaa for the win!!! So happy for and his family. God is good!!!
yes yes, hope to see you soon!
The USPS 20th-Century Poet notecards are very nice, also include poem quotes. Bet you can guess which Williams poem is quoted...
Old C with my #NAPA crew!
Hahaha, thanks! It was my fault for wearing socks -too slippery!
my boy finally on twitter!!!
: worth pushing back agnst the "wooing the youth" line on edu loans. College is a common good. All should be in favor, IMHO.
Dang, the other ones are cheaper, too. But I think you're right! Maybe I'll get both and see. Free shipping FTW!
yeah, everything is on it's way to being better - massive heart attack, emergency bypasses, last rites... nothing too big.
Special-strange fruit project
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
soon come my brudda....trust me. everything is being knocked down in an orderly fashion.
Just found out today that I don't work on Saturday-- I'll be able to watch iLMM with the rest of the Hawaii fans (3 hours behind West coast)
I am a former Boston girl now living in northeast CT
Tracking my order
Thank you , now every time I hear "Edge of Glory" by Lady Gaga, I think of your wonderful Queens.
ANTM just did some BS! -__-
They don't let you change the channel at the Byrne Dairy?
continue to grow and be wise.
and just down the street -- going to #pivotaiga today/saturday to see design attack PHX
Just saying no pressure...
can I be in the story??
RT : Just left the studio with my niggas and workin on some heat!!!!
what's green and smells like pork?
Thank God!! RT : Police say the missing 9-year-old girl has been found and is safe with a family member.
oh neat. and on the phone with mother again. phone tag lol
": Eating two dinners, one before practice and one after #YOLO"
Who all tweeted yesterday with their fill in the blanks? What did you say? Did they reply?
Are you a risk taker?
very true! Im seeing transformers 3
oh no!
Happy birthday to one of the coolest guys to run into
lol ok ok I'm done...
Profits on the exchange are the treasures of goblins. At one time they may be carbuncle stones, then coals, then diamonds, then flint...
then I hate you!!!! JK but I love that song! 
merp. and i'm running a fever too. most definitely food poisoning -_______- .
I seriously have the best boyfriend <3
idk just make me happy :D
Ice storm = No Dish ... Ugh!
Why did Jack White release his new single via helium balloon? He really hopes it blows up.
using keywords to find potential clients isn't spam. especially if you have a service that is better....
Wayland Admission Open House tomorrow. The school shows well, and I hope many come to visit.
Just learned about freegeekchicago.org Have an old computer at home? Check them out.
R.I.P silkie Dee...
RT "If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it!"
Welcome back. We missed u!
I only have to deal with your bitchy attitude for 3 more days I'll try my hardest to hold my tongue till then
Everyone go and follow the most gorgeous girl i know on twitter! Xx
Cinnamon rolls
Yes-Falling asleep after 4am & getting up at 8am is a bit rough. Going to make this day a good one though-with the help of a cup-o-brown
Ugh i just spilled my Coke >.<
Wat you bout to get dawg
Looking forward to the game tonight! Good luck and
its always work to just to catch up with what i did for complicated table cells, need better comments in code
: Dan, this is what the Animation dptmnt. thinks the title of the video is. We'll correct it if you let me know the real one.Thx.
Look good and feel healthier by including high fiber foods such as bananas into your diet. Learn more at www.touchofwellnessblog.com.
people kept saying that and I didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.
Not buying the "25% man" spin. Winning is winning.
Laying bed fianlly might go to sleep eh
Fingers tired yet? We're just getting started!
#findsomeonewho can fill that emptiness inside you
Painted Words wishes you a HAPPY TURKEY DAY!
Just tapped, Yellow Wolf Imperial IPA (replaces 90 Min Imperial IPA)
I publicly call for to take a car nap.
congrats mike!
Fall 2011. Learncampphx.org. The learning professionals conference for everyone.
. invested in for-profit NeighborGoods because they saw its potential to connect ppl and potential application to its work
Got asked if I was going to watch the Masters. I laughed.
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 1644-1658 reformatted and corrected. I am talking with an ebook publisher.
Not fair! Will you be spooning with it? RT : I got to keep one!
My new icon is credits to (:
ATTN: my apologz re: the little espaNol spam baby th'has been hitt'n frnz 10/a day. In talks w'how to have spam baby removd entirely. Tnx.
Don't worry luca your awesome u rock
Dining in w/extended family at Sir Pizza of Palmetto Bay. A restaurant you can bike to along the Old Cutler bike trail.
follow me and ill follow back
no really the pic is all blurry
If You Let Me Heress What Ill Do Ill Take Care Of Youu <3
This. <3. ": There are football, basketball, & hockey games almost every night for the next two weeks. Thank you, Sports Gods."
I understand!
they a brunch fake werrios any way!! Over in young money! Lol
I really need to stop wandering the house naked. e__e
good :) ahh tomorrow we have to fangirl together!!
More career services love for from: , , and
My pleasure. Know the kind of work that is involved so had to mention it. Do you visit Texas at all?
EATING NOODLES AND A WHOLE PIZZA MAN I CAN B A REAL FAT PERSON
And officially no one cares about the Bucks anymore.
Going back to be myself again! This really is what I want.
Indeed. Overevaluated my reading ability; I'm more of a 50 than an 80. 21 more teams to read. . . So far, so great.
i love to eat mangos dont you
Scored my best game ever: 221 pins!
idk we never actually talk. Best guess.....
Finally got my  followers
New favorite workout: zumba! Don't know why it's taken me so long to take it up! Don't forget, new single in the making, stay tuned!
Listeners...does anyone relate to ?
move your cute little ass and finally follow me  ! Happy New year , best wishes for u and your fam . I LOVE YOU !
I wish yall wouldn't post the same stuff on Twitter as on Facebook. I read them both. I bet lots of others do, too. Cmon.
Help us get to 1500 likes on Facebook! Come on were so close! :) tag us in a status and spread the word!
okay...i hope they tell us soon!!! omg i'm so excited to go!!! <3 <3 i hope they do meet n greets....
Singing cheerful songs to a person with a heavy heart is like taking someone's coat in cold weather.
true its no disaster he's great but if you close your eyes and listen, i take ms houston. and def not dolly parton =)
aw bb thank you.
Lindsay: Alcohol can increase chances of sleep driving with Ambien because it disrupts the sleep stage.
i tweet my feet
Thanks for the Tweet and the follow.
She's opening a store in Berkely, & is hosting an Insta-photo show in correlation - giving us an excuse to all flock to the bay.
they usually do for this game. I'm a UNC fan but I always assume Duke will win...
O. M. G. ICONic Boyz
Happy Birthday !!!
Agree RT i like MSU jersey, don't like the helmets. I don't like anything about UM's uni's
my b-day is in four days too :)
it is helpful for the future - to avoid things like this happening again.
Ha, a Rangers fan, eh? : ) Looks like May 23rd will be the date, hoping to lock that down and get invites out tomorrow.
Biking in Buenos Aires? Why not! Great post from
I got my new texting number
I like my r&r.
: The chorus of, "Without You," was done by the incredible - go follow him! much love
Actor, singer, civil rights legend Harry Belafonte gets standing ovation.
Dear Politicians, You are not going to get my vote with your smear campaign. Tell me what is good about you, ignore the opponent.
Almost time for me to pop another Motrin 800mg.
Always and forever is the lock and were the key
Here we go Boom Boom David Murphy tie game!!!
President Obama tries out Sphero, the iPhone controlled rolling ...
got a bug in there while I was ridin 4 wheelers
oh you're partisan political pros! Cool have fun doing them both.
Make sure you swing about 4 hours north so I can say hi. :p
I don't want Ramiro to make his car ugly. D:
I agree with this, but I prefer LC to Dewey. :)
Your a fucking bitch
why so we engage with this clown theron? I just hate people spewing misinformation and racebaiting. How are you today in AA?
French teacher going hard body on me wtf just cause im talking I get a 45? Ok lesbian looking dwarf im gonna shit bricks on you.
Ready #wisconsin? 's #Hustle Training is coming this 2012. Contact ME ASAP. It is not online yet...
Got a substantial gift to support the film yesterday. Thank you! #indy #film #ufo Paulding (working title) is progressing well.
Sure, you can say that some of them aren't attractive to you cuz not everyone has the same taste, but to say you don't like them? HOW?!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
I would kill for a decaf and almond milk! my gluten sugar dairy caffeine free diet blows when traveling
was Colts renouncing rights to Pitcock mutual decision? we kept him on reserve/injured list so long, y not try comeback in Indy?
Chris Brown is a great performer.
gorgeous sunshine here in SF. seems like everyone is out on washington square park in north beach.
I feel pretty much the same.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing  Aristotle
Looking forward to volunteering at the festival on Saturday!
You cant progress in life without paying dues.
How was your day?
and scariest looking DJ award goes to..... (note he is a great DJ/Producer and this in no way speaks towards his music)
New Orleans is awesome. One of the most fun trips I've taken in the last few years
10 minutes till hosts another amazing
I know! I used to read books on it and I swear we talked about it in class... Elementary school must be so different now.
Just hit some shit called cali orange I swear I aint got any lungs left
Met with a friend who's been talking about doing his film for years. What does it take to motivate people to get off their butts and do it?
Anish Kapoor opens tomorrow at both of our New York locations! Stop by between 6-8 to see the fantastic new works!
": *logs into Facebook" girl: YOLF: You Only Live Forever with Jesus<33(:.........*logs off*" LMFAO
We live by faith!
I've got buy Join the Conversation on my calendar for Sunday
Anyone wanna come to the mall with me? :]
EVERYONE NEEDS TI FOLLOW THIS GIRL! SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK! PROMISE! PLEASE FOLLOW HER
#Ignite-Joe Manos-6 must haves for direct marketing campaigns-find it on www.tginc.com/ignite
What's poppin ?
You see things the way they are and ask why. I look at the way the world is and say, "fuck this stupid shit."
u only live once so party.
da bears RT Bryan Anger is highest punter picked since Todd Sauerbrun went 56th overall in 1995.
wtf? Go yo ass to sleep.
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line. With tears in her eyes, she still manages to say "Nah, Im fine"
Getting ready for my 6th Annual Walk from Cincinnati to Columbus. Theme is children's hunger.
Sad to hear that MCA died today, he will be missed.
Start with the brand, not with the influencer; build on those already interested in your brand - #dsum12 via
so I'm looking for ur fb and I seen u deleted it again lol
Happy Hump day, my gf favorite day. Too bad she's not lying next to me to get humped on.
Well Heath Bell isn't too bad of a guy he threw me a baseball right after the game.
No, not at all. That's why I originally pointed to GH's essay in the Speculative Turn reader.
Hope you all had a wonderful "Leap day"!
I use G+ mostly for professional purposes - longer-form conversations than 140 characters. "Demi-blog"
Thanks for the article now i know can spot all of your tactics!! Good article indeed :)
There are a LOT fewer rolls of microfilm of Conference minutes and newspaper issues for me to look at than I thought. This is very good.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book ......
What are some other #ReasonsToLoveCoffee? Please share! :)
Whatcha gonna do when the backpack comes for you?
yep! and my car lol
anytime. :D
Gambian tyrant, Yahya Jammeh won a flawed election on Onvember 24th. The opposition rejected the vote.
My twitter is still the same c: .
If you have any doubt that Junior Seau touched lives, read at #JuniorSeau and those of
Tomorrow is the day everyone will wear green, except my family is Irish Protestant and represent the Orange in the flag
Looks like the crystal football will stay in the SEC again this year!
Armgard von Reden #EUdpconf "Safe harbor agreement now a teenager, & like teenager needs lots of tender loving care & $$$." Great analogy
ok why? Love that movie!
Hey there's a new La Michoacana Meat Market coming to Austin! Oh yeah & the Trader Joe too, blah blah blah.
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER: KELMARIE14 =)
Painting the guest room in anticipation of your visit. Also may have a new sofa for the rec room!
cracks me up, and I love him!
Happy Birthday to my lil lady
especially when it's something I make :)
Busy day, will also be at #UMaryland #CollegePark Law Fair today!
An early welcome from 30 Days to Life.
ipod do your duty... lets get this.. #nowplaying give it to you.... still my jam.
It could be worse. You could be playing w old ppl.
Judge me only if you're perfect, thanks.
I missed the #creatures video premiere by !! Damn it! I'm very pissed..UGH!
and his #boyfriend is out on itunes lololo sorry just had to it!
Just made a track for 's which drops in may. Download it guys I'll make a link later
It honestly hurts every time I see DeMarco Murray's name. Oh what could have been.
professionals like us don't just drink or send classic texts at night. It is a 24/7 lifestyle.
-___- your shoes 
Man! It's the Hair Show. The Ice Cold Brothas of Alpha Phi Alpha present their 10th Annual Hair Fashion Show @ the Wharton Center! Tonight!
So damn bored can't wait to go home
followed back(:
Is it not obvious yet that Melancon does not belong on this roster?
That was it?
It's not just one bill. It's been bill after bill after bill after bill he's been wrong on.
bumpin ST Camp in the ride today...reunion album coming soon haha
About to strangle she's a lesbian who eats my skittles
yeh!! Luv that grey top...want to wear it NOW!-wins my vote!
Hey u guys need to bring in for Spring Awakening!
Today marks the third anniversary of my fourth cousin's sixth anniversary viewing of the 25th anniversary of his first film. Celebrate.
Chris always does that shit. Lol I had too.
Texting drunk is hilarious hahahahaaha
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to learning from you!
Just finished eating Indian food galore at Mirch Masala with !
As a former West Coast Conference kid, I'm sorry to see that no WCC teams make it past the first round.
Spending my Saturday morning watching Saved By The Bell on Netflix! #amI12again?
there's a photo going around Fb of their chicken... It comes out of a tube (guts eyes and all) is soaked in ammonia then dyed
I know I'm already hooked. I can't believe how many hours I'm about to spend on a tv show
but I'm sure she has a good personality..I mean she's pregnant so she's obviously very friendly..right? 
*Wave hello*
indeed it has! Good news too! :)
This week I've discovered that I'm really proud of the bad eatting habits that I've already broken.
seriously the best goaltending I have seen in a long time
Now that's neat. :)
I have the hunger as well. October is not too far in the future...
We're SO excited for the game today! GO SU! Our founder went to SU, so we're routing for you guys!
We can meet downtown then we can go to my house and get out musical spirits on. That and we can drink c;
Sitting in class board with is math.... I just don't like it
I just feel like it would be like opening pandora's box with all the maintenance to keep it up. We'll see.
Please pray for our dear friend Cindy Morrone! She will be going through cancer treatment soon...
that's why I drink nothing but Cupcake!
hi Rachel! i'm an alt-weekly writer and just know that i could write for xojane! i have a million ideas  can I email you?
What would you do if walked in while u were playing bball and be was looking for a pickup game?
Wasn't Dawn a two-person gig? Hm...
Nom Nom Nom... Send them by express mail and you'll be my hero!
Thank you!! :0
RT : One year after the Egyptian revolution, CNN asks: Why did Seal and Heidi Klum break up?
did you see Alex Liddi play at third to save a run
Probably in March or Easter
Congrats on the Dove Award!!!!
Awesome, take pictures and share! (:
or coffee!
Every time I see a tweet, for a moment I think, I need a Dark Angel movie!
Come watch the season opener tonight at Choppers! 50+ HD TV's and the most Colorado beers in the state
Check again.
The brilliant ones and the and the ones that fall short. All of 'em.
little rory is all grown up.
Too many fake people and profiles out here...UGH!
If I wasn't so old and fat I'd join an emo band...
That's great - it's true, well then you keep me posted on where da party ends up!
Scarlet Passion by Henry Asencio! Can't wait to see what else he sent us for the show next weekend!
Thx for the follow. And a ARMY HOAH
illegal things... Haha I love you
I really want to do some more yoga portraits! Contact me if you're game.
#hehehehehehehehehehehe I just had panda express their orange chicken rocks
If people can't make you happy, luckily music can.
Liberal bias again. Dad would not be proud.
my phone is glued to my hand! Hahha tell Vito aka the man thanks again for the beverage!
#Milwaukee and #WestAllis...Tomorrow is time for Brass Monkey 2's (700 East Layton) #Christmas Party. Music, Food, Booze, Cheer, All Day!!!
we came such a long way first we started off with 1 tweets to 146tweets then we started off with 1follower to 463 followers wow!!!!!!
: I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people.
no one is defending kidd. what???
message me on here or fb it doesnt matter... i gotta talk 2 u c:
U bitches gonna love me in my GUCCI Loafers
Ron Roenicke. Year 2. Braun will get thrown at much more. Different year.
I LOVE doing MBSS. I like the outpatients I think the most!
Yes. The Dock is @ the lower pool. Ilima Terrace and Poipu Bay Clubhouse are also great lunch stops. Koloa Fish Market too
YOUR GO-TO FREELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGN GUY
Enjoy! A ginormous superhero movie marks the official start of summer :)
Fair Trade Federation's annual gift guide is out! Mayu's hand knit alpaca chullo flap hat and infinity scarf are featured. Check it out! htt
not even close!!
Sometimes I think the solution to my problems is stealing a page from Tyler Perry. "Theo Allyn's Drink." "Theo Allyn's Bank Account." etc.
e-mail me and I will e-mail you information on my sandless sandbags. They are new to the U.S. and widely used in Europe.
Hey #FantasyFootball fans! The girls are here with Week 11 to push you towards the playoffs! www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
man last night musta been good. feelin it this morning 
But we /need/ APC!
Wish i was at the beach rn #schoolsucks 
I already have the Megadeth pack and I don't care enough for Linkin Park to buy theirs.
#homeforthesummer happy and bummed
A bit rhetorical, but still.
Aside from #Diablo3 and #Starcraft2, any other amazing PC games from the last few years I should pick up when my new desktop arrives?
Petigru chuckled. "The newspapers know of your arrival. Word will spread. That will inflame passion. Tell Mr. Lincoln war is inevitable."
His mouth should consult his brain next time.
I agree. He was only 43. It's not about his politics. RIP
Leg workout so brutal I need a wheelchair.
All you need is love
I only missed 2 and a half hours of a normal shift, then had my regular 2 days off
This format of yours isn't getting old at all. --No one on twitter
Happy Earth Day! What are your Eco-Resolutions for 2011?
dude just shocked me...
: haha I forgot about Andre Rison! At least the Browns got Trent Richardson yep but I am fuming no WR
Ok, big one: this whole week, mention this tweet, get half off your drink between noon and 3pm. Yep, everyday this week!
Dude I'm like really proud of my one pager :D
Done! And hello back ;)
Thank you so much!
media loves to hate the Bills. You support a team thick and thin.
Me too(:: #WhenIWas13 i already was listening to when no one else was yet
Good to see Team Assassin bak on the grind,
A guy like you needs a crazy girl like me!<3
- check 's feed
have the committee review it until it's a camel!
Yep. I'm going back to the C-J. I'm going to cover Oldham County.
I don't know yet.(:
call you later today, mister
Go play some real chords and call me in the morning.
Fans in NYC, our new samples are here & we're looking for a few models to wear them in a small photo shoot, ya dig?...
Ha! I almost wrote exactly that.
Thanks for the welcome. :)
we agree 100% (with your bio)
Damn this Popsicle good
now following ya :)
Awesome playlist. Up the Iron!!!
can I say that I love this very very much
Im sure whatever you decide will work out...btw I would to shoot with you someday, Im trying to develop my portrait photography
mostly after the rule was enacted. Again, not a perfect rule, would prefer not to have it, but it has made some difference
BEAT DAT ASS SPURS. BEAT DAT ASS.
Darn the kegorator is empty, I have to have bottled beer
follow me please(:
Tonight is Trivia Night. It all starts at 6:30pm.......Don't miss out on the fun. Bring your team in and win some great prizes!
Tell them you're pregnant. >.<
hey now, none of our managers are douches! Lol. What is going with you?
i totally agree w. yuh!(;
So the doctor said all my dad needs is anti-siezure meds and they said he catscan looked good
unfortunately yes. Verizon service it much better.
": Yay for spending the holidays in snowy Maine!!" Ash! stop in portland and drop off jp as an early xmas prez? #jealous lol
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
its not that bad
you're talking about me... Duhh...
Finally going to church
Hey baby I got the poison, you ain't getting up from this one...
just had a thought...this Alumni game on Saturday, do you have to be a FOOTBALL alum or just a TOWSON Alum to partake?
Last of the Mohicans is one of my favorites but his role in My Left Foot was simply amazing.
#prophotosupply I heart you :)
for all of us inshallah!
Thanks so much! ": I wish you and carl the best and hope the wedding goes great"
vs. is under way who's it gonna be?
she is a doll
There is always an aww-inspiring number of young dads bjorning adorable infants at the whole foods.
Judge Keesler: There is a danger that as a bar and as lawyers and judges we mistake activity for achievement #charlottecle #ediscovery ^BM
Thanks Steven! One small thing, the deadline is 2/6, not 2/16!
Which is it? Horny? Or pancakes? OR *gasp!* HORNY FOR PANCAKES?!?!
Neil: Interesting idea. Let's talk soon.
It's always a good sign when people remember you at a callback
All relationships go through shit.But REAL relationships get through shit....
It's true, we're gone. :(
I start my new job tomorrow.... aah weird.
That's awesome! This is going to be big for Open311. I hope and are proud of you!
I followed Thanks! click here: www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
If you hadn't pointed your scars out I probably never would've noticed. You look great in all the stuff you try on 4 your Tweeps.
Just finish the first show at forestwood MS! Now headed Briar Hill MS!
Took a little finagling to get it up, but otherwise it has been fine.
I hv been laughing all day bc of LMAO!!!!
El Pulgarcito got a much needed little makeover. Some new menu items too.
Thank Gaga I don't have a hangover..
is going in with the WU!!!
nice to be spoiled for choice when it comes to state parks!
: They say before you succeed, you gotta suffer Amen. That's why you gotta keep going.
Big and toasty
#3WordsForYou Jump. Off. Bridge.
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe.
because he had money connected to them.
Very cool talking to you this weekend! Interested in hearing more about the
I made your slow cooker coco curry chix last night. Awesome, thx
: karleeelovesyou happy birthday :) thanks :)
1960s legend Jimmy Cliff covering Ruby Soho, Bob Dylan, and The Clash on his new EP? If it can't help you though the workday nothing can..
Selling Discount Business Cards in the Tucson Area
One day of holiday shopping a year. One day. I need a drink...
lol will send 100 tweets in about 5 min time flat
haha for sure :)
YES. Education was a second chance for me. Great meeting you yesterday.
One thing I don't like about Naruto...they dedicate a couple of chapters to whoever is about to die....Kabuto, the next to die lol
A bouquet from your employer for a promotion is nice, but a bouquet to your spouse for years of support is Class. #greatplacetowork!
Hey. Newt just criticized the news media.
RT : Thanks 2everyone saying they can't wait for my show to air,its almst time!! La La's FULL COURT LIFE premiering on VH1 on Aug 22nd
CEIR report shows that overall exhibition industry activity increased by 3.8% from a year ago & 2.7% for 2011 as a whole.
awe :( I'll pray for her
damn i hate the Man or Woman Maury episodes
PSA: Dear Milwaukee men
Happy Tax Day! Are you relieved its finally over? Celebrate with a sweet treat from
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
sounds like a win
Be certain to check in with your group. Blue Team seemed to have a good handle on production requirements on Friday.
Anyone cook with fennel pollen? I just harvested some.
Nice half Bucks, I'll take that.
why not 1900?!? SLACKER!! :)
I really need to start my final paper like TODAY.
We are now on Twitter. List us
Exactly! What happened to the days when there were only two thousand on Vincent's page and they had fan pages where they talked.
you are my best #drawsomething Friend!! hahaah We're pretty awesome!
And they insisted we refer to defecation as "going poo-dookle in the pu-dunkus."
Paper thin walls in a hotel room do not make for a good night's sleep. Especially when the room next door is full of screaming children.
-___- like I know where that's
I believe ketchup is the insult to the chef, but either way I'm the chef so I welcome ketchup or A1 :D
": has anybody been hinting around the office about me" I think you need a couple wins at 265 or less first.
Cleat chasing girls on here, the kind of girl I have warned my son about since he was 13.
I know not what things you speak of woman.lol
I'm having trouble opening the doc, sorry!
Can't wait to see how this episode looks...tune in.
Hello Lets just start with #SHOCKED @ a Bill for $207$ for 13 days of Service.. PLUS Cancellation fees, Activation fees.. DISGUSTING
Thanks again. Definitive winner: Filezilla! Always know I can count on the #genesiswp community for help.
@ obrien, affectation and superfluous ornament
Yard sale. Some nice small women's clothes, etc. 1331 S. Cloversale, LA
Okay, i'm gonna sleep. BYEBYE. 
That a boy Don, lay the smack down.
Is Taylor Green an option for the #Brewers at 3B? Good numbers at Nashville.
Blue Raspberry was the favorite tonight. Almost everyone ordered it! M
let me give you some advice......
No severe weather here in Houston. Just another muggy day. How's the weather in your part of the country?
We can skip the rest of the NFL season and start next year already!
happy mothers day!!
BTW I love the iPhone app!
My Moms Crazy I Love that chick
Working out of the studio today on an editorial submission.
Awesome class with Danielle! Thanks for everything!
wats good boo
TEAM DRIVER!!!
Connecting with funders to help collaboration so our pilot program, CJSC Homeless Law ID Program can help homeless people in US. Best, All!
I just caught a mini attitude smh
anybody want to recommend a Tailor in Hong Kong? I have used Sam's, but curious if anyone has any other suggestion.
Cookout... fun?
lol. That's what she said she wanted when she was visiting.
off on more adventures-i love travel but am really ready to be home for awhile
Loneliness is the most terrible poverty. ~ Mother Teresa ~ Support autism! www.nourishedfamilys.com
Start scheming' niggas tryna get at me
i'm still trying to head your way this summer. the weather better improve!
Number 1 goal is to be happy. After that...everything else will fall into place.
How to embed usability testing in organizations that have mentality: "if it ain't broke, don't fix it"? Any suggestions?
Why is my account suspended? I really need it for our website launch. :(
The Sunday Supper menu won't be finalized until late Saturday eve or Sunday morn--can send you details as soon as it's set.
What do you consider most alarming? A mosque at Ground Zero, or the burning of Korans this weekend?
Pie! And Maria from Sesame Street!
learning about adaptive expertise with at #NAISAC12. Analogy, Chopped tv show, unknown basket, still perform high level
where are you? We're here too -
Happy Holi day , Have a Nice Day
I've been wondering this too! Let me know what you hear about
Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'angela3t'.
Thanks! :D
RT : Improvisation is resolving creative tensions in the moment. John Kao
No #superbowl has ever gone into overtime.
Passport to Style Event this Thursday!
It is official. I am holding our vendor passes. Three Heads is going phishin'. See you in Watkins
i wouldnt there!!!
RT - I'm thinking our new neighbors won't appreciate our New England Patriots flag as much as we do.
Much needed work out with personal trainer today! I'll be feeling it tomorrow.
thats good to hear! my day was good. i went to the beach by my self and listen to R&B Music. I have my secret spot i go to.
Why must we add a greeting line in #email messages? It seems that a lot of time can be saved if we just got to the point!
I can't even get that for myself.
no NBA ON THANKGIVING DAY I SAY THESE NIGGAS IS GREEDY
- I hear you, it's frustrating the Pac/Money fight hasn't happened. Def want to see it. Would be a great fight.
In "Mobile First Design & Augmented Reality". Design for mobile 1st requires a minimalist and focsued approach.
But I talk mostly to guys. Only acouple of girl friends.
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to donate at least $.10 to National Breast Cancer Foundation. via
I'm wearing your underwear right now
#actorsloungelive moderately talented dance group
shine away.
Trainer left a month early & I'm bikini bound in 2 weeks. Plus, just realized that my pants are see-through
peace good brothas - we appreciate you coming thru Monday! Staten Island fellowship
Probably not a good sign when hail hits your car with a loud CLANG CLANG CLANG...
Coming soon: and I listen to and live tweet LEN's classic album "Can't Stop the Bum Rush"
Um, yeah you should be.
I like mondays less than the boomtown rats
The Scream sells for $119 MILLION DOLLARS. A painting. I hope it makes the buyer happy. Very happy. I'd be happy with a reproduction
How to succeed in business with some effort and connections
You know it's been an interesting weekend when your girlfriend texts you after a bachelorette party to tell you she got kicked in the face!
Glad we have multiplatform stalking down.
Oh, with what software?
Amazing - thank you!!
Following as he campaigns in Caledonia. Later we'll interview likely opponent John Lehman.
Ur welcome!! Theres alot of talent NYX is gonna have a hard decision to make! I hope u make it! Much love!
and thanks for talkin to me about that girl prob it helped me get over her and i im done with her
Oh #g+ i didn't know you have the ability to gather all my photos from my phone just by going to my google+ app.... convenient or invasive
Rainy days and Wednesdays never gets Fuji down!
Jst got to work
Thanks, great community effort!!!
Artist Tweet
hey you!! Think I saw you at the mall the other day. Would love to catch up sometime soon! :)
i cant wait for the albam #believe to come out! I think we all can
i ain't gonna lie that was amazing.
i love being sick just joking i hate being sick but im still going schoo, i dont get to see my brother new born baby n i already seen him :(
Just got off the phone with the original Woosie crewShea didn't say anything as usual. show these kids how it's done
I like that!
Thanks to all who came out for the San Diego premier of #WeightoftheNation! We're all in agreement:
Watch "Alien Invaders" Lionfish doc. Tonight at 7:30 on
I need a drink to celebrate
Working def of #foodhubs: biz/org=aggregation, distro, marketing of source-ID #localfood primarily from small/mid to wholesale buyers
Sitting scanning trying to find something to watch
thank you doll! You are awesome!
35 degrees F in Florida today.
yes I have not left my bed all day.
The girls in my gym class. The girls at school. Your all beautiful. Even if I sound like a
Funny how I've been friends with you since 7th grade and you can't even say hi to me
Hello sunshine! Let's spring forward together.
good to see you are back in town
AJ's whole career is a serious of Direct TV ads -watch Verlander wake up in a road side ditch later & say, "AJ!" Soprano style
Romney goes from Super Tuesday's Big Mo to Big "Meh."
#MyResolution i will be more spontaneous!
who broke the law?
I have too
Guide-on-the-Side vs Sage-on-the-Stage
Of course she's gonna says she's happy for you and fake a smile, but look deep into those eyes...she's lying.
Thanks for the #lrnchat. If you are in the Portland OR area, OHSU Brain Awareness series on neuroscience is great way to learn more.
I'll be running those steps when I'm there in a few weeks. Maybe I'll see you there.
Kronwall is a beast!!!
"Sept. 7, 2010 -- the H1N1 swine flu was no more severe -- and posed no greater risk of serious disease -- than recent seasonal flu bugs."
Missing my #daughters so much <3 Hate weekends w/o my girls....
There is no safe container to put your personal values while you're at work. Live them at work or the damage will spill to life outside
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
Okay, I get it. You only live once. Now, shut up
Sounds like an awesome aaron. :)
Yell extra loud for me! I work on Saturdays, alas.
Nice work!
What the hell... auto correct shouldn't even have that word there... );<
VERY Pebbles Flintstone!
Thx for the shout - hope you like the app as much as we do ;)
Gosh you look so good...., I can't wait for this album I know you gon do a little minnie photoshoot for the album book
Why don't you ever hear about gruntled employees?
Will Deltas Latest Move Result In Cheaper Airline Tickets?
I'm trying to think of a new product or service to offer for a class. What are some societal problems that you feel need to be solved?
I know i'm sick when books, butts, and beer have no appeal. Damn you sickness.
Not sure if this is good news or bad. :) : #Brewers hitters are not big fans of live BP. The pitchers are mowing them down
It's not fair :/
Happy New Year!! Happiness, Health and Prosperity in 2011!!
I just know how to do it. I'm really bad w/directions.
Sold out of the medium Minotaur design by :(
Um...pardon me, but I'm failing to see the connection.
Did you ever consider that the soap dispenser is the dirtiest thing you touch? Ironic.
u hit them belly roles?
you're welcome you deserve it Congrats!!!(: I mean it(:
Why do you wan't to text me and message me while i'm doing something, then when i'm bored, everyone goes ghost?
Ultimately, it's thin as far as social media stuff, but able to help you recognize people who can help you grow your series
i've been waiting to get this started.
You'll come into luck and wealth before you're twenty-two. Remember, I told you so.
Dressing comfy today. >
hahah yes ma'am!
That is pretty funny. Wonder if there are some little brother chants as well.
Good god. Really?? That's just dumb. RT : Jon Jones is being compared to Muhammad Ali ... sigh....
I think it's gettin to be about that time where I take my talents to somewhere a little more northern
Working like Kizzie
this is the best day in my whole life omg !!!!! :) I love justin bieber <3
If you're trying to be on Broadway, is a college audition really the biggest moment of your life? Just a thought.
I am currently looking for an experienced RoR developer for an Oregon based firm. Contact me
Just bought some thanks to you and a RT from Looking forward to it.
Tomorrow...I AM GOING HOME!!! Haiti here I come :)
Got up off my ass then got on my grind!
Thanks for the tw-love
: lol its okay but Happy Mothers day to you! lol. Thanks sweetie. Enjoy your day
what are they doing??
I left an answer to your blog question. Have you considered alternative ways of promoting using blogs?
Wait, what did I miss on Wynne?
Critics and Comics have one thing in common HUMOR!
There R times when going with the text (coming away to a weak syllable) is not applicable, eg last note of major works which should be loud
going to look at my hopefully new home. ah. exciting. downtown later.
Now I definitely need to watch Thor. Loved him in The Avengers!
Stop trying to fit in when you were born to stand out.
New J Boogie's Dubtronic Science Album Out Today! J Boogie returns with his third artist album - Available at FeeLit!
My bros hmu this morning just to say they love me ;) NORTHSIDE OR NOTHIN
these aren't drunk words...
"that's the biter!"
never been ever!
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly! Normal messaging rates apply.
Oh, my goodness...magical...just magical. And as usual, I teared-up at the wonder of it all.
agreed amazing
You know it's Hump Day when your cubicle feels like a padded cell without a door!
Although he has many flaws, i still don't mind
Feels like a long time
who was the predictor and what was his web-site? listening in the car, forgot it by the time i got home!
Here comes trouble, lls.
Depends what you mean. Drop us an email with exactly what you'd like and we can discuss.
No, I did not. Perhaps you have me confused with another person by the same name.
i miss you (:
I guess we should say "au revoir" to Sarkozy. Socialist candidate Hollande wins election.
Revelation: Fox News's Chris Wallace shares his given name with B.I.G. WTF?
smoking a blunt
RT : I'll be on the Charlie Rose Show tonight talking about our book The Gardens of Democracy with Eric. Tune in if you can!
sure! Next time I'm at school. It hangs next to my PhD and the teaching award I got at Harvard.
prostitution? wait can i join? hold up. i know a store that sells strip poles
They are! And the Motley Crue cosplayers made my weekend. xD Motley Crue pwns everything.
don't only be interesting, be interested. Ask the right questions to build your credibility
Can't wait! Already pre-ordered my copy! Looks like another winner!
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
Are you following me?
slap me through the internet? ..ouch. ;)
Any fans out in Overton? We're playing a small show this Sunday night at New Hope Church. Doors open @ 4. Hope to see you there!
"We are becoming a world nation..what a gift it is. We just have to make sure we invest in it." -Angela Blackwell
Headed out for First Friday? Stop by Gallery 924 to see Seeking Shelter & the Artsgarden for Decline by photographer M.W. LaFary.
#idol - Hollie nailed it! Better than the original even.
Johnny, thanks for the mention.
Ha! I remember that one. So. True. It amazes me to spend time w/ some friends & fall in love with their kids & the family dynamic..
Stop by Booth 1625 and say hello to fellow Free-Staters from Crowley. We're debuting the zeta scanner - very cool.
thanks, Lucas! Nor I Jackson's! Congratulations brother!
Commission will break and be back at 6:35.
Ah! metadata jokes...
just watched #LoveNeverDies the amazing sequel to #PhantomOfTheOpera Nothing tops Phantom but it was pretty close!
I'm so sick of being alone
A girl in class was so nice enough to help me out & fix it though
coming up in two minutes: what Prince William said kept him from the Olympics & an 89 yo Tigard man gets to graduate
with the brownouts and the new need for 10 new stations, is the city in danger of not providing fre protection to the citizens?
Yes...I was supposed to Go to this game and decided not to..why
at home. Pacers have home court now. Nobody gave them a chance
Thanks for following #redblackblonde We are going to release the sequels as comics. First they go to Mexico, then Hell!!!
I think there's a rule about opening at least 1 Oscar montage per year with a clip from Forest Gump.
This Girl really wanna know who I am lol
Oh no!! Whats the problem? I'd be happy to help if I can :)
Is this true of technology? : A fashion that does not reach the streets is not a fashion. Coco Chanel
No team has cut down the nets at the end of the season with the winning streak the Cats were taking into the tourney since IU's undefeated
Wow i wish you were where trusting.
because we sounded just that incredible. We should make a 1D cover band...
: Sigh !!!feel same way
This cowboy seems a little too big for his britches ;)
Sitting here watchn #TLC A Baby Story, aw
Off to run a few errands before starting my first shift as their city desk reporter.
you want to clean your list around every 90 days or so with the people who have opted in, then NEVER opened your messages
i mean if u're happy children get up and dance (8)
Doctors appointment on Tuesday. Finally.
Rode the Harley to and from work tonight! (it's my 1st ride at night)
"My nose is running like it's training for the Olympics......." - A comedian trying a joke for the first time that he thought would kill
Now to move Jenkins CI and other goodies from the Mac Mini over to Hackintosh so I can colocate the Mini as a web/email/etc server.
You were missed! A full house and I took care of the grilled cheese for all. Congrats to you & !
Hey check us out:)
When I'm quiet, I'm thinking a million things.
U are way to wishy Washy!! Just tell them how you feel!!
figured as much as there are some affects on it, but I'm not a historian so I didnt want to make a false statement. Thanks tho!
I would luv to meet common
TGIF!!! Celebrate with $2 Coronas all day and $5.99 classic burger, fries & a drink after 4pm!
thanks Bill
Reduce your plan to writing... The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
you there?
"Show me your hands, Let me wash them clean. Show me your heart. And let me heal you."
Heading to Denver to close up our apartment and finally complete the move. (@ General Mitchell Int'l Airport (MKE) w/ 2 others)
Ours too lol. My goal: go to nats and suck next year. Senior year, go to nats and AT LEAST break top 30;)
All I do is shop all day for
The store is quiet and Frank won't be in for another four hours! Come talk to me
I'm a youth pastor.
dammit. Got tix for another show same night in sf. Wish I had seen this first.
Prince English and Spanish Check can u spell I love Kimmi .. my phone 1-973-756-2288 idk how to answer so PLZ just text!!
Thanks so much for thinking of me.
Why is a "wise guy" the opposite of a "wise man"?? # deepthought
Stop ur so mean to me
Next up, Sugar cookies!!! :)
true that.
Repeat That?
It kills me when girls lie about being virgins. *shakes head*
Cool - good luck!
Your business can be approved for a merchant cash advance in minutes with funds deposited directly into your bank account before you know it
If Obama was born in the US but used Kenya to sell himself then falsus in unum, falsus in omnibus"false in one thing, false in everything"
My baby just smiled at me for the first time! #HappyMothersDayToMe :)
I could add that I'm visiting a new cafe for the first time. Influx on India. Loving it. Hello, fav new coffice.
Electrolux Q1 core profit tops forecasts, keeps outlook
Snipper of the week Shannon Dohar! We chat her up about New York and the best summer movies...
love your place! :)
I refuse for this to NOT work out! This shit WILL happen! You WILL be proven WRONG!!
I agree. Sure he will hit a couple game winners against us!
Kale for breakfast made for *interesting* tennis this morning.
do something like provoke police? break windows of legit businesses? ... that's not how I make positive change...
Tell Me Why Teachers Stalk Our Facebooks Then Talk Bout Uss There So #Childish . :(
Thanks! Love your flow. Diggin' "Poetry in March"! Where you guys at? Don't forget us :)
def not a nigga that cheated on his girl, got burnt, burnt her, and look dumb af #gtfoh bro
Morning everyone! Had a rough night last night but it's nice and sunny *yawn* today :)
MUCHO PROPS! to Shwan B. M. Carter, Myia H., Boogz, & last but certainly not least Janice Jane Bevel! WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!
they said what you said was rude and that bullying doesn't just happen in middle school. It's not necessarily shit talking
All I want for Christmas is a follow from
Working on a Friday afternoon
well its been nice here to weird for wisconsin I guess
#Jesus #quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but #God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
I wish "cared" enough to just give me back my reasonable rate (which had already been hiked, but at least was worth it 4 service)
How far back can we remember? Why does it happen then? How does memory work? Check out I Wonder... today at 5:00pm on to find out!
I fell asleep with the tv on. Now there is an awful politics program on and I can't find remote. Too lazy to get up.
Back at 168 followers. Dang it...
Good luck! Hope it works out for you and Liz!
Now paging
watching how to rock you?
that's old to me hahaha. Remember when I deleted it by accident and like cried? And our late night steak and shake?
it's been months since we've had a microwave in my house lol
of course! Best of luck!
'The Motto' just came on, its definitely a sign! Ha
looking for a way to get a fab #fashion event up on your site happening April 1st. Let me know!
Cactus is officially the worst place on earth. 27 mins waiting at the bar still without a drink.
Overheard at Meteor; "The internet is not 100% Keyboard Cat & its more Wikipedia than Encarta 97. Its SOCIAL, not static."
RT stupid to accredit. You know who else's government blocked websites he didn't agree with? HITLER!!!! That's who! | uh... really?
Let us know if we can answer any questions related to #socialphobia or
So, when someone is a slob we call them a pig. That's pretty mean, I wonder how pigs would feel if they found this out. O.o
Logan looking good!
Any celebs attending the "Ring" next week? http:/www.jarrettburch.com
I'm really glad you dig the stuff. There will be a music video for arma pretty soon too!
Can't decide if I like Pandora or Last.fm better.
Heading to Woodbridge Mall
work any missing persons cases like in the 80s?
Call your sons and daughters! RT ALERT: Phil Humber is perfectly bad through 1/3 of an inning. Find a TV.
R there any good men left in this world I mean really r they lol
i went to the strip last week and apparently it was " #NoAss wednesday"
Wtf... Has Southcenter Mall always been two stories?
thanks for the info though, reporting from KCRA 3.
I need to change my bio.
it was really quite stellar. He's a paragon of fashion
Listening to on Pandora!!! I love !!
Phil's Custom Bindery is still kicking it. Not a printer, but only a very rare printer does that kind of binding in-house.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Legal & Cop
WE NEED ONE LIKE!!!
Happy Birthday Dude!
LOL... shoot u a few pics soon. May have to be on standby for ur next MAGIC in Vegas
For a Friday night flick with suspense, lies, grand plots and strippers, rent Enron: The Smartest Guys In The Room. Very interesting film!
Thanks for the interview with Martin Kemp!
new favorite game...the game of things
Isn't it weird that I listened to #SaySomething on Tuesday. Later that day I met my crush, whose birthday is July 4th. And yesterday (c)
What is the best Pandora Station ever, Alex
Nice spending some time in miami with the grandma!
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama 
good to relax on sundays:)
Skynet moving to shut down legal ed. RT : The cali.org website is currently not available. We'll let you know when it's back online.
Oscar Nom-A-Thon Weekend's twelfth and final feature (and today's fifth): Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Bring on the Oldman!
lol bro for me to have made that test at 8am I would have had to have woken up at 5:30
also wonder if IRS will have issues
your welcome as always!
#zerion it's awesome hearing about you bringing mobile technology to farmers in third world countries.
no son of a gun?
Good Luck tonight!! Mega buzz going on about
I think I stumped the guys tonite. : how about "obsequious" #dropword
It seems like everyone is always selling something.....
Lookn at da book of eli just now seen it
How about a setting per repo? I personally like menu bar color change (ala Twitter) but single dock bounce would be ok
Caccamo I'm DMing a good recipe I concocted
Justin we love u n u know we have to giveback. U deserve it and many more<3 Love:)
Interesting school commute today. Saw a blow up doll sticking out of a sun roof drive by and a woman drinking box wine pushing her cart.
This is question time, not meandering story time. holy jesus there is a question under this whole thing
#Medeco - 8th question: Medeco3 cylinders are certified & approved by 2 independent groups as a "high security cylinder." Who are they?
P.S. Your phone just buzzed telling you about this tweet... but I have it
Ha! RT : Sarah, Bev, Paul all auditioning for Lifetime Original Movie "Ice Pick Killers"
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in a zoo. Don't be mad ill be there too. Not in a cage, but laughing at you.
Happy Birthday to you! Enjoy your day! Xo
Why oh why are they selling #sillybandz at an actual jewelry store?
WE HAVE PROBLEMS arghhhh omg yes
Are you a nice Washingtonian? How do we build a better DC and welcome new residents to our region?
As far as I know no one has installed Refine on an iPad but you can use Refine on an iPad if its running on another machine.
Champions and heroes are not born - they're created through trial and error, persistence, confidence, hope and self-sacrifice.
RT ": The possibility of pain is inherent in the very existence of a world where souls can meet. #CSLewis"
Dane Cook is hilarious
the "list" is that it is always presented by DeMaio in a manner that makes the ave Joe think "union" ripoff.
Have a mtg at noon....it is campaign mtg so not likely to be over in an hour. I hate missing an oppty to be on show
Im a fucking mess! Ugh
RT : Last week of class. EMAC students have been working hard. The net is sweating.
wow... just got done with a slew of features + bugfixes for the twitter/bulletinboard aggregator +
I'll continue to live my life this way: "We don't stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing."-George B. Shaw
Our new seasonal, Patty's Irish-Style Cream Ale, is now on tap! We will also have pre-filled growlers available next week!
true friends will not lie to you.
can you give me some advice, I'm trying out for a crew next week?
What a ride we rode! Your triumphs and tragedies... The legacy sealed.
I'm Frazier Crane... and I'm listening. : Kevin Holden ladies and gentlemen, well said.
"You have hedged me behind and b4 and laid Your hand upon me. Psalm139:5" so thankful that Jesus is always taking care of me!
if we were super villains I would get a key to the city and you would get a really cool blankman t-shirt
Hey errybody, it's 's birthday!!!!
My new quintet album, NUMBER FIVE, will be released on May 22, 2012!
I think enough of us will be there to count as a mob. #ASECS12. List of Amer panels will be going out on listserv soon.
i will be, ultimately. currently, i am furious at myself for so badly misunderstanding my friend.
when u get home can I go to ur house and use my laptop there because I need to send my paper to my teacher online please
I just threw up wow.
I don't know... 140 characters will cramp my style.
Lol Breaking Down Everything Ok I Got You
RT" When your just texting someone then they just dont reply..." Kinda gets you like this> ThingsThatPissMeOff
WHAT? that's just out of control! I will only honk at nice people from now on.
I she's adorable, haha.
Studying for my AP Psychology test tomorrow. Time to get that college credit early!!
Gary Oldman's Best Actor nom= the dictionary definition of "overdue."
Looking forward to the #teaching2030 chat at 7:30 Central time.
Watching get her award!!! Congratulations!
Man, I slept hard
#FOLLOW the 1st 1000 followers will receive a free pay-per view coupon for DADA 5000 VS KIMBO SLICE IN JAN 2012
I love her!!
Im such a big fan(: I love your voice<3 keep up the god work(:
Great nonetheless!
I'm good , just working the usual ! Exhausted thou
Strong faith today means more miracles tomorrow
Zack and hanging out
i am so BORED. i cant take it anymore:p
Built a custom Facebook Fan Page for Melloy Dodge. Put their page up & they secured an appt the same day. They sold the car that weekend!
Best business app. Charm city circulator
Did you get snow where you live?
Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Maxwell Drew. Yeah, because THAT will end well.
Finna do a quick work out 
I know. Me too.
the answer is definitely Tebowing. I just know it!
Cant believe summer is around the corner... Where you headin?
Laaan made me!!!
Going to Coldwater Mchigan to do some camping for the long weekend.Theres always a large group of friends that we camp with.Love that! : )
Uhh...yeah! RT S'mores pizza!?!?! Holy moly, that sounds amazing
well u had her in your shoutout?
Our Free Dead Sea Soap with any 20lb Dead Sea Salt purchase will end tommorow. Hope you guys enjoyed the sale.
yay! I hope you can make it to !
Im happy. To be back at my job working hard !!!!
so true and good to see something useful on a Friday
Loving the balmy weather in the 40's-50's
Just finished reading #Delirium by ! Why didn't I finding this earlier?!?!
Checking Broadway World and about to go to sleep :P
#Np Good ones gone....
bro u wanna know sum funny
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY:Do not complain of life, lift your head. Bad days are necessary for the good days count."
Guess what borough I am From.
When people can't take a joke << You have no life -_-
thank u, can u follow me too plz?:)
Looking forward to sharing my new Electric Six video with you shot here in Portland
Do I have to apologize for my emotions?
New computer; new company name; almost ready to launch :)
feel better :( call me tonight :)
Follow - author of The Last Letter & a great author supporting other authors! Thanks Kathie!
don't you mean... don't keep on f*cking your ex's too? oap
better be glad I don't know her whereabouts I would have been made a house call:-(
Oh yeah, I vaguely remember hearing about that movie being the source of the name.
watching live on upstream.! lovee u (:
I hope you're left handed.
Did you know our friend just recently became an ordained minister?
Tomorrow is Wednesday:)
i hope you got home safe hun
Hitting the road back to New York. Thanks for another great year Lex. Looking forward to a few more
Eugene folks  look for our bike cart at Eugene Sunday Streets today and grab a sample or a full growler of Oregon's tastiest kombucha!
Yes!!!! We can make fake id's and get it!! AINT NO PARTY LIKE A STAND GRAND PARTY CUZ A STAND GRAND PARTY DOMT STOP
Let me get my ass off here. Goodnight Twitter <3
You should check out The Jobe Wilson Band. Hank Williams Jr. fans will identify with these music!
oh em gee, I got til Saturday! MAN UP
Really wish I would have gotten tickets to the #BrewersSMIS event! Would have been a fun and informing experience.
#OKC #Thunder can match up, especially when is put in a pressure situation
This is so exhausting
what time are you heading out to Orlando?
Looking forward to helping 100'sof people start their own NacNak communities/businesses in 2012:)
Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesnt even think about us for a second.-Wiz Khalifa
sounds very interesting but unfortunately I won't be in town...
Registration is open for tonight's 7pm $140 buy in (125/15) tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Thanks for him. But most importantly thanx for defying imaginations by being a PERFECT mom.
4 more hours to kill
yea I felt that way too :P lol
thaNks, wanna play me in Basketba??? ;)
They sometimes tell me they can't toast it if they just cooked it so I change my order but now they don't say anything
YUH BITCH MAYBE NEXT TIME BLAKE
Chris Pirie discussing the flipped classroom: lectures viewed at home; 'homework' worked on in the classroom.
Getting ready to jump on a plane to go to Branson, MO.
Just saw the Apple 'Rock God' commercial and realized it's my neighbor. Love it!
Basketball Wives. Enough said.
Hope you have better luck taking your little one to shows than I ever did. None of mine tolerated it long, always left early.
hmm.. u need to add me as your twifey
hype "network", team sucks and say "next year", lots of $$$ doesn't buy wins. Ur arguement is laughable
lol. :) Now THEY are adorable. ;)
We are back...!
New song!
MLB should just accept the loss and move on. We know it disagrees with the Braun decision.
why dont you have alot of followers???
New pieces look good. just to get rid of one of them....
Big come from behind win tonight for my !!! Good job fellas!!
has it's first worship gathering in a long time tomorrow night at 8 pm! Worship with us in the City Room!
haha. Saw that. Was wondering if that was a random act of kindness from a visitor.
Camel dick is the name of my perfume. Awkward. #swag hahaha love you too butthead.
umm yea but i might take a break for a min im so money hungry right now lil bro
I saw that and my reaction was pretty much, WTF? Why does this ad exist in 2012?
revenue team is making it rain
I used dye and koolaid
miss you we need to hangout tomorrow sissy .
lol yea i know but i might come knock yo head in lol
Glad to hear! The new job is going really well. Please say hello to & for me!
Just spent a small fortune at Sephora to counter how manly all this training is making me feel. Don't know what primer is, but I bought it!
SOMETIMES? Of course, sometimes a focus on scholarship/research reveals weaknesses or aversions to that whole teaching thang.
Thanks for the kind words man..
thanks!! I am feeling a little better. Enough to go to my boyfriends soccer game hahah
memphis dogs fast as hell
#dhdebates discussing authorship in collaborative work, cites crowdsourcing of original OED
And, rightly or wrongly, it's SCOTUS that sets social direction of country these days, more often than Congress or White House.
Goddess of the jungle, you are a whore!
Just saw a face on TV I haven't for a long time:
we <3 you back!
what a great sold out day Venus Pool Club today!!!
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH martinis...& everyone's favorite band, will be playing..(6pm-10pm)
Only halfway through this amf and in already super tipsy. FML!!
yea of course id be really glad to help anyone persue their dreams!!
#Ravens all the way. Strong leadership all around, a promising future and just enough history of which to be proud.
"Facenectar?" Um, no , it's Bassnectar..
It was pretty weak that you had to use that glass to hit Vern when you guys got in each others faces. That's a bitch move.
April 8, 2014 no more support for XP.
Thank you #ChrisRock for making it real.
Hey are you guys coming over for tomorrow's Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
Parent conferences <<<<
Your actions and desires shapes what lies ahead!
Bitch you get no love(:
Thanks. That doesn't count the two invites I've already gotten and the two I went to in April.
Be one of the 1st in a new snack company! Free to enroll, whole foods type snacks! Delivered to your door! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
hi marvel heaven - your friend STIX the CAT here - thanks for the follow - meow!!
Let's try that again...
My favorite memory of All Star weekend was when Diddy said "Black Power", isnt that the new name of the dunk contest? Hahaha
Me n other geminis don't get along
No! dusted grated cheese w/flour. Heated wine to boil. Combined slowly while stirring. Melted but kept wanting to separate. ?
guess I need 2 get around 4 bed have 2 get my TB shot 2moro so I can start working/volunteering very excited 4 this new venture
I have always wanted to go to #SXSW as well!
How do you feel about James Casey from a dynasty perspective? Any upside there if I can stow him on a taxi squad?
When I played with it last Prezi was like power point on steriods
Austin: "Say Somethin' the way you're working it baby oh oh oh yeah, yeah." Me: "How am I suppose to talk with this 10 footer in my mouth?"
All i listen to in my car is & :) #ItGetsMeGoin. Party in my car lol #RangeRover #AllWhiteErrThang ha
It is not difficult to be grateful to God when you realize you are worthy of nothing and what you do have is by God's grace.
so i type it in the recipients box! Right? Lol
Ah thank you so much Robin!! You rock ;)
LOVE IT. #routetree #scramblerules #sit #IDcoverage #depth #D&D
Sunny warm day giving me even more #313DLove today!
I'm gonna keep this account anonymous. I made this acc. to be kind & support. I don't want people to think I'm doing this for attention.
Seconded. I also enjoyed the "President Can't Swim" line. First time I've heard that one. cc
And It's Wednesday already! I feel like the weekend was yesterday.
ditto! have fun tonight!
Road open and we're off!
of course I'll be at #edcampPhilly , maybe we could collaborate on google docs session for elem teachers ;)
Cause though the truth may vary, this ship will carry, our bodies safe to shore.
Now you can buy as many hips as you want:-) RT Just won the lottery. Now I'm going to buy Twitter. Kicking most of you off.
And a good number will still be dumb as shit! RT : Americans will eventually go to school year around...
You guys killed it. I loved the performance. I wish i was apart of That crew
I've been feeling like writing lately.
follow me on my other account and -Amanda
New Candidate Search: looking for a Senior Accounting Leader/Government Accounting in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Nice little afternoon at
#followalibrarian: 'cause it's a non-profit working to get eContent into libraries!
Oh just in case you're not keeping track of the amazing writing spree: I've cranked out over 3,000 words in the last 3 days. I AM THE WOMAN!
Hope solo is effinn gorgeous ! She's so hot ! Go team USA
Spark notes is a lifesaver #thankthelord 
I'm pretty convinced that the girl that bit you in chasing the sun was an actual vampire and now you're one too! :)
Tomorrow is "Rest in Power". Terra cafe, 7-10pm $5 at the door. Same great features.
we're excited for Saturday! Next time you'll have to tell us sooner- out readers would love this!!
I feel bad for not liking Hesher because I love Natalie portman and JGL so much. Their acting was great but I just didn't like the story.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely. - Anonymous
when are the tickets for chicago going on sale??!! Im dieing over here!(:
Spring is almost here! Like this post if youre ready for spring weather.
any time. Ha
u rock
I missed your twitter party. I don't know if I can smile again.
Joseph Kony needs to go to hell
If you get this, get on skype!
Because we're the life of the party bby RT : when me and break out in song at a party
it's just a movie... Rarely happens in real life... Haha makes for a good movie though!
hey same here and I am loosing faith
yeah think about ken think about ken (;
: As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones
of coarse I doo !!
is doing everything right for #bbn. He had made himself a legend already with his announcement technique and love for the fans
I need to catch up on my z's.:P
Really thinking about going to the lake front TONIGHT
TMZ SAID THE ACURA COMMERCIAL RAN DURING THE SUPERBOWL W/SEINFIELD CASTING ASKED 4 A BLACK THAT WASNT 2 DARK FOR THE SALESMAN.
Follow me please :)
bout 40 min :) I'm hungry. Need popcorn.
Me too. Along except for this Riesling, that is. ;-)
Perry's presidential agenda must be important to Dew. He called for Senate session to hear Sonogram this Thursday.
good night!
Thanks for the follow! How's the magic life treating you in the UK?
And Gov Branstad, on whose mansion Emma and Tim intend to plant a pressed ham, was all over the news yesterday.
learn how to text back and there would not have been a problem! :)
you okay?
Lay em on me!
time for practice. a ton of shows coming up in april - y'all aren't ready.
Want to get emails from VIA w/ opportunities & current news?Send us an e-mail and tell us to put you on the list
pretty slow lol.. Im at work just waiting to get out..
3 more hours at work.
I'm gonna stair at the wall because I'm like so cool.
Why do I exist? Because the Amish need a champion webmaster, and I plan to learn through osmosis.
awesome pic as usual!!!!!
Bc I didn't have access to my work laptop this weekend I actually had an incredibly relaxing weekend...first 1 in I can't remember how long
Curious about your reference to webforms & google spreadsheets: is "webforms" generic or some specific system?
#jimmydimora federal racketeering trial is pushing me rapidly toward my 1,000th tweet. Maybe next week?
So glad the lockout is over. Now to get all the #Colts merchandise in order
How Much Would A Person Do in Order To Go To Their Happy Place. ?
in our seats and ready to rock!
RT : Microsoft has hired a choir to sing the tweets focused on the keynote. It is surreal. #CES Video link anyone?
Thanks so much for your RT Chris.
Woo-Hoo! We've reached 400 "Likes" today! Thanks for following Prolase on Facebook everyone!
Hey, thanks brother!!!
That awful moment when your shower turns cold right in the middle of shampooing
them bikini's will sell tho along with a strong web design & order model they need 2 get on cruise liners,coastal lines,& resorts
Hmm.. what kind of shirt design to make next..
Anything good to say about this department of AT&T? I'd like to vent but that would be so unladylike and I'll regret it.
Yes, perfectly safe!
I Heard That Nominated For 4 Grammys #Is That A #TrueStatement Fa'Shooooo She Gone Win At Least 3 Fa'Shoooo Go Head Baby
good luck today Haley
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
I need to speak with someone in your billing dept about fraudulent charges. Please contact me thru DM
girls make no sense.
ohh sorry that makes more sense
<--- Needs to get out more and meet new punky/gothy/people who like what I like, FRIENDS (and pretty boys LOL.)
The Academy Awards deliver much more than Oscar statues to the celebrities that attend the event.
then met her match this old lady driving is no Punk!!! Lol
w8 your joking or real talk
yeah (x
Shellfish initiative in the works
......I used to used to used to used to, now Im over that Cause holding grudges over love is ancient artifacts"-
long day, time for sleep
Great session currently running on hybrid and online teaching at Baruch NVC 14-240. #socialmedia. How can we make teaching better w/SM?
"Stay hungry, stay foolish."
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep cause i just really dont
hi gorgeous!
#Great #PatioDate/Inventory night #NoStorms #incentives galore ...#WildHair organizing fury!!
In the end the love you take could be the love you make...
Daley maneuvered to expand pension: report
Would have loved to see some Sporting Blue on the field tonight. Good luck LA & Houston.
Who are the Spurs playing? Clippers @ Grizzlies now on ABC.
- You are kindly welcome and I enjoy your posts!
OH YEAH! DESMOOOOONDDDDDD! Let's go Nats!!!!!!!!!! My fav Nat out there!!
I'm not about to go run out and buy a Haynesworth jersey (ever), but I have faith in #Belichick, Patriots that this is a good move.
Toronto FC is only trying in competitions not named the MLS season.
What do you pair your #NZwine with? Cuisine suggestions? Restaurant or recipe ideas?
Really sorry mate...things are mad here! Are u already testing our iPhone app? If not send me your UDID & I'll set you up!
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
and it hurts to know, that you never have fought for me..
Just bought a polo duffle bag. #Chyeah 
We are looking for a stage manager for FIRST PRIZE- immediately! 1st rehearsal 4/3 - email to enquire. AEA showcase
Beautiful patio weather today. Sandy is excited, so all glasses of non-reserve wines are only $2.50 today.
you need to let me use ur ipod tmrw nt LANE
dont forget soulja slim, he was the best to wear the tank.
What exactly does the phrase "roll tide" have to do with elephants and Bama? I'm confused
I need to send this picture to this man
This just in 500lbs of candy! New super sour gummibears, sour patch peaches mention this and get 15% off
we meet at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15.
I love life because what more is there. -Anthony Hopkins
Watching Tower Heist, don't have a good feeling about this
Finished a new handbell piece over the weekend, rather subdued and meditative.
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
I need that 6000.00 from PRA to start there but etting it could be harder than normal
I've always seen it with solo cups - hadn't heard of speed quarters. Hmm.
Miami awaits ;)
RT : Just submitted! RT design for the United #Adworkers Membership Card Design Contest!...
What I supposedly did wrong idk.. All I kno is that I'm reaping the "rewards"
And they don't fall out of the sky. Amazing. The "Blue Screen of Death" takes on a very literal meaning...
yes that's exactly who
Haha... have fun.
Morning world
I write in books for school but only in pencil!
They'll need to get there by the end of the sixth inning at least.
Happy Veterans Day everybody! Have a GREAT weekend!
That's so awesome!
oh no, there's a blonde lady dressed as michael jackson outside the courtroom!
In highly unfortunate moment, the Chicago dive in which am consuming a margarita has Turning Japanese on satellite radio
WHEN LILBOOSIE CUMING OUT WIT A NEW MIXTAPE LIKE WEE NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM FUCK THA POLICE BITCH TAKE MEH TUH
Watching the #NFL Draft?
No matter which direction it moves, it stops when it hits the wall of admins and legislators.
I miss you guys so much!!!
check out this story on about one of our favorite volunteers and FRIENDS, Deshe' Gully! we love you, deshe'!
This Rome Fortune video is in the deep end. #genius flow
I'm fucking 31 years old and my life's in shambles... I guess I need to start listening to country music.
Watched #madmen. Am I crazy or is #dondraper's house the same set as the Bachelor Party movie with Tom Hanks?!?
lmao challenge accepted
#GoPackGo Field goal range!
we had runts too! everyone just liked the bananas.
#thoughtsFromABalcony fckn real shit hits my hearts I love it "wtf is time"
when i do, i'll definitely let you and your PR folks know. hope to catch you when you tour through Chicago :)
Been Rockin the F*** out of john barleycorn chicago 4 over an hour! right now and its only 11:30!!
Got that Dunkin Donuts coffe bro!!!
Still no Gardner for the Yankees
That's actually a great idea -- screen out guys by how they visit a museum. Too funny that you notice though.
duh babe, it's us and Zayn. Zayn is perf in every way and we're just freaking amazing.
my sister left her tumblr signed in and all she has is Harry Styles and One Direction on her dashboard...
yup! loving it haha
New show announced: Feb 11th in Evansville, IN at MOJOS opening for The Cold Stares!
The Education Secretary Michael Gove has suggested a proposed new Catholic school in Twickenham should limit its..
Ok Ted...so what is the plan if you let Wells walk??
Sunday would work great for me. How about you, ? Understandable if you can't.
Tell them lame niggas be quiet.
# south African champagne > ANY
I kinda like to drink my pain away.. But where is a drink when I REEEALLLY want one
John, having Jill as your bitch isn't doing it "right"
Shared experience > Location
oh cool, any links to music I could listen too?
Here is the deal Sean, Rebublicans and Demorates need to come together and fix the economy. Aways disagreement or agreement!why
Are you home?!
#SICK food poisoning
WeLoveRianDawson because he is an awesome drummer!
Safe travels to all those headed to #alamw12. See you in Anaheim.
RT into mid Dec. and my doors and windows are open, car top down, and loving it. This is why
Thanks lady!!
your gorgeous and I get called ugly all the time I cried today for a long time because I am realy sensitive
It's awkward when you keep seeing the same person around the store and everytime you make eye contact.
love your icon of u n the legend
Thats one of several examples we looked at. SD's will be as comprehensive as we can make it to protect our neighborhoods
have you voted yet? www.944.com/picks
You never do what I expect you to..
When power saving comes on <
may I have a follow back even though I am certainly not worthy? :)
Today is the last day of free drop/add for Fall
And for the soldiers who fought back and lost their lives. Today, tomorrow, ten years from now, we will remember 9-11-2001!
Book with us now for upcoming events at the Portland Metro Exposition Center. Great location just across the Columbia River. 360.696.0411
China military warns of confrontation over seas
Easy not to know your idols instantly
Welcome to #21CRadio tweet chat! Join the conversation and introduce yourself!
We have reached 600 Likes! Thank you everyone :)
Thursday don't miss Cindy Scott at at 7pm & at the #JazzFest Fri 12:30 WWOZ Jazz Tent!
You forgot the #winning tag!
i told my mom i was going to. Bahaha. (:
haha me too i bet all the other somilers are lazy to do stuff too! :)
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? 
- so what happened??
the grocery store tho cuz..lol...I guess the cuties gotta shop to tho
Can you give a shout out to World Autism Day? 1 in 88 U.S. kids, including my wonderful son, have this condition.
thanks bro, appreciate it!
I am really, really excited about this weekend!
#1: Low price Mega Bloks Probuilder Steam Express Building Set ...
My group would scheldule a meeting 15 minutes after iu tipoff... Im gonna go ahead a wrap this thing up in a hurry
Spent time learning google doc forms. I like the possibilities. Check out dhanson39.wordpress.com for a couple of student projects.
ugh, I can barely keep my eyes open today... one more assignment and lots of uploading left to do before the work day ends
and this is why we cant have nice things
I expect that as well, too. They just need to not be cute in the draft and take Beal.
My mom just licked me -________-
My Morning Jacket performing now. Are they like some corporate-packaged version of an indie band?
I found a catipiller and I named him Steven
What I wouldn't give for coffee delivery right now. :|
We must stop jhosep kony plz he is a man who has been on the loose for 20 years plz watch kony 2012 on youtube we have the power to stop him
arissa, pretty name. i'm ada.. ;) u r really popular on twitter i think. ;)
Apologies for the delay - we are making big improvements to Recurly.js. Just sent you an update, thanks for your patience!
you will NEVER follow me. That's right I said it, never.
-Love your site dolls! have a fabulous friday! xox
My life is just beginning, but I have no path to take.
aw ok ok, wht studio you going to ? And youtube me deandre751 listen to my song Wanna Be
Trying to decide whether or not to follow the East Coast #WDYTYA twitter chat or not or wait until it is on on the West Coast.
Are you a submissive and need to talk to a professional Dominant? FREE 10 min. of coaching. Send email entitled "FREE intro" Now!
Hello Tweeters, Well school has resumed . We have moved n 2 our new school bldg. The children and staff r so excited.
R, it's always great to have you around, and thank you again for treating to lunch! I will let you know of other things to come.
Day two past due date. Hubby has stomach virus with fever. Need baby to now hold off a day to get hubby well.
I just ate the rest of the mini cinnamon donuts that left at my place Saturday night.
#studyabroad is a priceless experience! Scholarships and financial aid sure help though ;)
Blow The Candles Out., Looks Like A Solo Tonight., But I Think I'll Be Alright <3
I gotcha, that's why I stopped, I left that shit behind with myspace but I can't let somebody have the last word
RT : Here's to the Adubbers that remember song lyrics faster then school work.
shhh that makes me sad :( anytime you are in the city hit me up!!! Seriously!
Meh. I'm hungry still. XD
Apparently, kittens are firm believers in the nutritional value of toes.
make every night legendary
Labor almost always able2 drastically reduce 4crisis,not perm. Corps stopped givng a fk.
Heading out to NYC tomorrow to hang out with all you Flash Peeps before Flash on Tap! See ther rest of you in Boston on Thursday :D
You are only coming through in waves
Thank you to all that came out last night !! SXSW is gonna be a blast!
This cafe is on fire. It played Curtis Mayfield's "Move on up," now it's Wilco's "Forget the Flowers." I'm never going to leave.
The prison participant observer enters a highly unstable setting abounding with rumor, suspicion, factionalism, and open conflict. - Jacobs
appreciating the momentum
BB guns are illegal in the city right?
Finally back in Miami
print, web and mobile design
I think I wanna go bak natural
Hangin' with my good friends
aha ok :p i was gonna bring yoga pants but i dunno aha, meet me in the choir room aha
Hey Vikas! Did you receive our email? Look forward to connecting! TY!
Listening to all day. I'll never get tired of their music.
Santana dotson sighting.....who's next Sean Jones?
RT : .: The faceless PR professional is going away. You need a face to be credible
#SAYSOMETHING IS NOW MY OBSESSION AND FAVORITE SONG!! <3 <3 *.*
that's what I missed most when I was in Indy!
so excited for my first prom tomorrow (:
that's good :) good luck
Love what G O D loves. (all people, not just the ones you choose to love)
You know theirs going to be a problem when a girl says i love you on the first date!
#God never promises the absence of storms. He just promises to walk with us through them.~ Max Lucado
Say hi!
Orlando airport needs tech disruption! Its so slow...
natural curls..grow it out some more! will look awesome
Understand the ski hill in Houghton, MI, opened early this year. Is central Wisc. in a snow drought? Big hopes for real snow soon
Followed purely off her Avi smh I need help lol
yep! well vicki's class watched up and carolines watched rio.. but both are animated which i hate so im kinda happy we didnt!
Profile on Seidel will be coming next week. Unbelievably grounded athlete. Obviously she's drawn a lot of comparisons to Suzy Favor Hamilton
Eastsider for the brewer game. Pull out the broom!
Izabella , One Of Our Senior Company Girlz Is Makin Twiiter(:
The extended #NIKE commercial that aired during #Idol....classic. Hilarious.
I might bring one pair but I just want to buy some shit, and nah I rather go with you and spot you $$$
Shouting out Mark (N.I.Beats) on the assist for the" CBS SPORTS" placement. Thx Bro
Working on updating our media kit--with our expanded advertising opportunities, I'm trying to figure out how to squeeze it all in
Alright... Dreams dont mean anything..... Right?.....
This is the spring of our discontent
U have had 3000 followers. U have also had 2000 unfollows
not yet, but will be very soon. look for the announcement / post in the next day or two
and just like that, traffic is moving again. what a mess!
You gotta respect her, shes a nbitch to everyone or nice to everyone
"Learning never exhausts the mind."
ha - true.
Thats better :) cu soon! RT : haha I forgot you had a twitter!!
that is how I spell improvised after a few whiskeys
Yeah, someone pointed that out, I misread the quote.
You are welcome! Hope you had a great holiday!
Heading to NY today
S/O That's My Better Half..!!* #Real Talk#
The only guy I ever loved, fucked some bitch that I really hate.
There's an option on that makes the account selector the primary sidebar
Starting this March I will be a fulltime #soccerhooligan and a part-time #normalperson!
I'm listening to an interview I did in 2009. My accent is so thick. I love it.
I Only Smoke Blunts If They're Rolled Proper
Can't win em all.
Great piece of writing capturing the magic and importance of Do Lectures! Well done!
Sounds lovely!!
Expect a lot of #starwars vs. #startrek talk on tomorrow's with guests Adam & Mike,
How do you overcome the impulse to be lazy? Easy, think about the side effects of being broke!
I'm taking students to a midnight screening of Hunger Games at midnight tomorrow. FUN! Although Friday might not be fun. At work at 7:30 AM.
agree!! Just saw tonight. All awesome but many of the camera angles.
Indeed! Though my greens are so comfy, I might wear them for a day at home too! One day we'll match, & reality will explode.
Doc! Keep up the great and valuable work! I look forward to your tweets in my feed.
That workout was GREAT! now just gonna eat a salad!
make me!
Man, that was a good sleep.
It was We'll b able to thank her mad skills for this win.
The Silk Tie likes Ladd! We make ties and need millions of views, thats not a bad number of eyes, thesilktie.com
RT : The December issue is posted online! Peruse December articles on the magazine page, or in our digital issue!......
idk who the kid was
Yep, both start with an RE. Definitely one to check out. My favorite of the fest.
You finished studying for the test?!
Oh how I wish I was at Hartsfield-Jackson to see you!
Not to worry! You just caught the 2nd half of my reader-response take on the Strawberry Shortcake song. But thanks!
I really hope my team isnt mad at me. I had a really bad family issue:(
Working on RWA blog post. Got to debrief. lol
Wait - what happened at the end? Someone explain....
Do you think the #Mets should still acquire another SP?
Yup! RT : Thank you President for being an equality champion for ALL Americans! Marriage is about love, not gender.
you no who! just think of who we were tlkn about in 5th period:D?
of course, it was all aboot the prOcess
Official #CampaignTweeting for
Do you think the Timeline is similar to a resume? How else can it be used in the job...
only because i let kids make fun of my outfits.
love how chingo just kept it real, that's last thing I heard b4 clocking n. Great way 2 start my day! :-)
Finals suck, but the time off after them give me motivation to study
#NUGGETS playing phenomenal tonight. Great to see Ty Lawson leading the troops and taking control!
because they don't sell them rolling acres.
sorry we took you to the mall and two questionably named restaurants. Promise and I will step it up next time
well my mom wants to go now so she knos dat i will do smth over the summer!
yay, congrats! :D
hmm... isn't that on facebook?
If your behavior contradicts your words, then people probably aren't going to respect what you have to say... #I'mjustsayin
what adaptogens do you recommend?
Pulled for #Bodemeister but happy for I'll Have Another's win.
Thirty minutes in the Cricket Amphitheater parking lot and we haven't moved at all. Can someone please help direct traffic?
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I don't miss you.
i hate that as soon as your acoustic strings get good and worn in, one string starts to vibrate
Haha! Ben picking Courtney. I'm kind of glad he did tho. I think the other girls were too good for Ben. Especially the Aggie!!
i didnt realize was personally/individually responsible for gas prices. silly me thought oil spec/record corporate profits.
im great, but i feel amazing now <3
I feel like the universe is trying to see how far I bend before I break.
NOT a "Jungle Insider". Rome is good, but others ( and ) are better and I wouldn't pay extra for them.
Woo! Congrats!
Thoughts? RT : & what about the "share draft"  I dislike that term immensely
As a long time Jags fan, I want to say welcome to Jacksonville! We are so pumped to have you and I hope you like it! :)
con't I made this decision for ME and I am aiming for HEALTHY - and hips and tits are slowly going too - and I look BETTER
Really paranoid about bees today. Not helping that I wore a sweet perfume & am chewing fruity gum.
good look RT ": I don't drink or smoke."
Just saw the creepiest thing while on the freeway, a clown driving a windowless van...wish I would have had time to get a picture.
Javascript continues to be crazy. Compelling new frameworks keep popping up to solve & create new problems. Can't we all just be friends?
Where did u get ur ears pierced????
SOUP SOUP SOUP SOUP
appreciate you coming on the show today.
LA was always going to be team to beat in 2012. Go do it. RT : Doesn't 4-0-0 mean currently best in #MLS? SKC also beat NE who beat LA
Congrats to Matt Stainbrook and Xavier Basketball - committed to Xavier - will sit a year then have 2 more left!! Great fit!
sent friend request
iM GIVING AWAY TICKETS FOR THE CONNECTICUT SUPERFEST, I ONLY HAVE A FEW LEFT. EMAIL ME
Sam---I think you're putting energy into something that isn't real. But think what you will.
True. RT : I need a drink
:x we had to sit next to each other in this class & I just told him & he's like o.O that's creepy & I was like you're telling me
It ain't killin me so I must be gettin stronger!!!!
#onlyinamerica may be one of the funniest shows on tv right now
Hey Piet! Just sent you an email. I'd be happy to help you out with your Nickelback article.
Good Morning ! ;0] tag ur it...
You coming down?
#Stanford scores 4 straight to grab 35-29 lead with 1:43 left. Minutemen need to keep it close with Williams on the bench.
Out of the 4,255 donors to #giveBIG, 1,013 are new donors! This makes #giveBIG even BETTER!
I like it in the butt
Baseball workouts with Ethan, then getting ready for game time!
#INCS David Pike gave a thought-provoking conceptualization of Victorian streets as representing "paradox and contradiction," and ...
Our Easter hours are 8:30 am-3 pm. Hop on by for a Lavender Hot Chocolate or Veggie Powerhouse.
hahaha its what got me into anime  but i saw it in japanese first
In her new book 'Bossypants,' Tina Fey claims that Cheers has one of the best pilot episodes she's ever seen.
last softball game of the season todaay :) going to miss my JV girls<3
FOLLOW ME
Enjoyed Easter Sunday, aka Resurrection Day, with church then great food at the Cheesecake Factory in LA. Now, time to get to work!
Hearing someone non southern say "yehaw". Is like hearing me try to speak french. It sounds weird, and no one understands it
I forget lol
If you don't ever just smoke Yourself out, then your not a real
Create your bracket for the 67-game Mens College Basketball tournament better known as March Madness.
Did you ever find car insurance? If not, we can help.
If someone wants you in their life, theyll MAKE room for you. You should NEVER have to fight for a spot.
Here's Hope is incredible.
I know! Card said "thx 4 supporting strong women/raising awesome daughter." Of course mom sent another donation :)
: I bet dad probably says he doesnt know them...
Sry that was actually a bit confusing. Pick back up April 14th, but there are also 14 total races in our series. Ok, there we go!
your work with our fellow military families who have made the ultimate sacrifice, is much appreciated and needed! Great work!
okay phone bout die i hit u up
Focus, stay positive, play with hearts of champions
Why is so hot
To mean more than what one says or to say more than one means is not the question.
I am in love with your dog <3
Do people still pay attention to TED or did that trend fizzle out?
all the family photos I've ever taken.
: omg! Lmao! I'm mad I believe this mess too. Smh!sad! Was the one over by Mayfair ... They were like 18 too
Agreeable ;) RT : #Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.
bet it wouldn't be too hard to get Pregnancy magazine to print that :)
ASKED IN OUR STORE: "Do these work?" (re: our EMERGENCY CLOWN NOSES) Kari's answer: "As well as most emergency clown noses."
90% of my wardrobe is my favorite bands t-shirts. 
Was your history teacher mean to you?
my brother thinks hes such a badass with his amps
I just cried. Omg. I love it and i love uu!!!! Justinn
Wtfffff how shorty sexy and hideous at the same time!!!! Oh shit Remy do that to u lmao
ill be there next month we better see eachother !
who do you have?!
Thoughts on the BlackBerry Mobile Fusion announcement? Step 1 of BB becoming an enterprise software play only?
cant do nights.
GoodMorning! Ohh wait it's only Thursday? Ugh!
follow please
can't sleep. so, I am going to get some school work done. maybe free up my weekend so I can take the kids to do something.
Given the lukewarm reluctant endorsement by former GOP candidates, I think #Romney will get a shock in November.
Thanks for following!
So glad that fun people like find me on here! :)
Lots of great work to be done with Gaipa's "new tools for discovery" using MJP.
That just hurted so bad
Why can't you get the fuck out of my head, I'm starting to get frustrated.
I have unsubscribed THREE times to your LB Outlet emails. PLEASE stop emailing me!!!
Don't think I will have time before July though, need to stay on schedual here. heheahhaha.
slick! User friendly guide is a great touch. Your graphic artist should get a raise. Love the pics
I'm trying to connect with girl scouts of America. Any ideas?
OMG I MISS IT
Yeah, it seems like an excellent fit.
Geri! How the heck are ya? Long time!! Thanks for the RT. Let's catch up soon.
i'm not that shouts out "Ouch Johnny! that hurt!" lol
Tried to do a pull up at the gym today. Didn't! The girl on the treadmill laughed. Starting workouts tomorrow out of shame.
Check my Bio out and subscribe to my youtube channel? I sing on youtube :)
You're very welcome Lacey! I admire & adore you! I hope you & Bo have a terrific weekend! Winks!
is it? Still says by invitation only
Get ready for game time! Where will you be watching the game?
does neone respect the #redskins anymore? they r in shambles RT : Tampa Bay Bucs take over the Redskins center field
I have die everyday waiting for you
ahahahahahahahaha maybe it has more than 1 use?  It kinda looks like a dildo that you curl your hair with haha
These Hoez B too thirsty 4 $$$$!
You live and learn, and move on...
Hey! :) I just met you! And this is crazy! But here's my number! So call me maybe?
It can be a challenge because of visas, insurance, school, etc... but it can absolutely be done!
Sometimes you have to put a fake smile on and pretend like it never happened. It's not called giving up, it's called growing up.
Veronica: "You're water under the bridge, Troy. Evil, duplicitous water."
two days until my first winter break as a 9 month faculty member. I can't wait.
The wise adapt themselves to circumstances as water molds itself to the pitcher. ~Chinese proverb
Kinda weird
The Rock sucks...and if they turn the angle into him wanting to drink I'm preparing for new shows on Monday.
Super awesome dinner with the BadAss himself. So full my body doesnt know what to do. Time to shower then bed. No reading tonight...eff.
Dudes my favorite boxer been following him for years! After the 17th Frankie you will be my second favorite.
Caught myself singing Conway Twitty in the shower today. Totally gonna bite his style. Somewhere between him and Matt Smith from Dr. Who.
haha im good how r u?
the one off great southwest?...yikes
i get mine may 30 @ noon
& for the record, the only purpose milk serves in my life is to be poured over my ice cream ; ))
NO transition Laups!
What's here for the music, n Ceenyle did the battle thing for 106&Park
#mybestfriendsof2011 Liz, GG, Raye, Billy, Lisa, Nick, Music, Marry, Ali and E.
Damn! #smh RT : i was gonna say. PF spot. i hear more may be dropping
My little predator friend is back, like clockwork, just before the sun sets. He watches me. Maybe he knows that I'm glad he's here.
Forest Gump: "I just felt like running." Amen Forest. Amen.
A diamond bit is a girls best friend.
It's a route in #Barneveld, Eagles up 59-19 with 3 min left in the 3rd. Whitish having a monster game.
I always watching a episode of #OTH before bed!
One thousand miles away and your still a jerk #lolols #mylife #typical #whatevs  
my friend wants to do a song with you, doesn't know where to start in the 1st place.. Got any tips?
I am so thankful for the United States' clean water and the law banning smoking indoors.
Go all out tonight boys! I know you're tired but have some fun together!
I know I am, bitch. >:D
congrats on the phone call frow ari!!! :) have fun and tell me how it goes! :)
Can't wait for #BELIEVE! Its going to be the best JB yet!
Nourish the mind like you would your body. The mind cannot survive on junk food. Jim Rohn
Damn near getting in a fight today <<<<<<< this talk with
did you see beach house was added to the pitchfork lineup? (!!) and youth lagoon, nicholas jaar... :) :) cc:
you wanna leave
Come on you #Packers big game today
agreed! Love the almond too.
Only one more month
Atria Books Publisher Judith Curr says QR codes have between 100-300 scans.
I Feel like your cheating on me? LOL
I agree. Wish I had done more of it this year.
Then I got that one dude who was giving me signs he wants to fuck... I was trying to talk to him but he just ignores me
it was great catching up this week. You and your team are doing inspirational work, thanks for sharing!
Hoping all this fitness pays off tomorrow, playing wing back again!!
Ah, thank you Kreshnik. My wife bought me that for my birthday (i think on a livingsocial deal). Haven't done it yet tho.
84% of ppl see events & experiential marketing as impt/very impt to their marketing mix
Equal parts nostalgia and desire to move on cancel out to stagnation. So no new blogging projects, but not reviving that one one either.
good morning how r u..??
Dam so #WhatBrowardHoesSay is trendin its now im loggin on twitter
getting back on track hardcore. GO
sorry! got nothing for you in the near term. just be happy there's no water restrictions!
mi poor bebe never seen at night :/ he's the founder of #teamnosleep lol
Ohnoz :( RT : Now we can't ring in a new year, the Mayans were right!
im a gangsta.... im a rapper...ima GangstaRapper :) My all time fave Quote
thanks! Can't wait!! How your semester finish!!?
so what
Who does the design work for Newdigs? The site looks great!
Later Twitter
Good morning Japan :-)
Nice early Sunday morning... good morning all!
go with it! I need to check into getting one of those shirts!
I'm not sure they'll ever care. Best audience for creative class is creative class itself.
So sick of love songssz **
do we need a special pass to get into see Big Bill?
Looking forward to celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Theta Upsilon chapter - Alpha Phi Omega tomorrow. Service project & formal. Rock!
Mines the far right!!!! hehe
Challenger Attacks Houston Mayor
DukeCityDish thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
That a fat ass hoe, like the kinda hoe that's too fat fo the dick.
: get ready to ball when I get back just kno I'm taking no Ls at the Rec
glad I could give you a good workout. That new girl that was here, the young one, basically told me it wasn't very hard. Revenge...
#WRESTLEMANIA28 that is some baby back bullshyt #TeamTeddy should of won
The Institute minimum wage model shows that those within the range of the value of the increase gain too.
note to drivers during snow fall: it is safer for everyone to allow cyclists to take the lane. i appreciate the parade of honks, though!
the most tragic shit just happened.my cousin was shot dead on the westside.for those who i know that follow plz pray for her and her kids.
It's almost impossible that the puck didn't go in there.
np. I hope to connect with u at
#RnBThrowBacks 112 anywhere... Git down to this track like a rabbit
Dear Mr Pizza man who fucked up the addy and never delivered. Get Fucked!!
well A) How embarrassing for you. B) I rarely dare brave the mall -- hence my Arboretum visit.
Physically, Mentally, Emotionally Tired.
Ex 27462 of 's selfishness. "... she took that away from me." -- Bri's marriage. Crazy, it's NOT about U!
: Oklahoma will not tolerate anyone taking a bite out of anothers hamburger. (Oklahoma) I think that's pretty reasonable...
He tweeted that after talking about trip to White House. Don't think it means anything negative.
Cannot wait to see you get out on the road with these tracks and perform them for us! <3
Home is where you're surrounded by other creatures that care about you. - Sandy
thanks so much!!!
I need to attend a bootcamp for Twitter...LOL
well, they are not hard on the eyes... and therefore there are a lot of tweets going out - with photos.
hi sweetie hope life is good always in my heart
It's okay, you rule.
Yes, then I took a real pic... lol
I'm sorry that your birthday is getting neglected by 2 guys that wanna go watch movies in Spanish.
I'm actually surprised at this, since SMU is generally pretty public about other crimes these days. Sad, but glad students care.
thanks for the RT about the new book!
oh yeah, meant to tell you... tomorrow is my bro-in laws bday too. Going to Agatina's for dinner. May stop by afterwards.
Highly recommended! Particularly since I ran into it so randomly.
You & I will always be unfinished business.
you going to #aam2012?
virtual residency page has typos! "Project must be completed by march 2011"??
It's RadioBedlam tonight and every Tuesday at 7pm. #openmic #belltown. Free 12oz drink for performers who sign up.
Trying to get prepared to get on a plane on Wednesday. Two weeks is a long time to be away. (Two days is not enough time to prepare.)
No doubt we in your corner.
Uh oh... That doesn't sound good.
Links on main dictionary page explaining structure, XSL is all available. Perl scripts, less so.
SAY SOMETHIN!!! PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY IT AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE...AND AFTER THAT TOO!
Glad to be listening to you today
Coffee date with and before our last Tuesday night class of grad school!
You are such a two-faced, conniving, manipulative, little bitch. I can't wait till you fall on your damn face.
Congratulations to and on the news of baby number 3! :)
I don't have your number cause I got a new phone!
Wanna be innit?? :)
Best. News. Ever.: Recall of Simon Despres likely means Paul Martin won't be available to #Penguins tonight for Game 4 vs. Flyers
needs to come back to san antonio texas. They haven't been back since what happenedat boozle, san antonio needs atl love too!
getting ready for work...then hitting up the movies later :)
bro let's connect, I see we are in the same line of work. I work with Goudelock of Lakers and Neil of ESPN.
Oh man, can you imagine what people would say if Nyjer Morgan did what Lawrie did and only got 4 games? Oof.
It's crazy how many different styles there were. My dad has one that's similar, but it doesn't have laces.
20 cool points. See you!!
HappyBday Katniss Our Girl On Fire (:
lmao i'm not even worried for tomorrow, algebra is my best subject & I know I will get an A haha awesome(:
Have mercy and compassion for animals..Unite and Change the Lifestyle..Vegan is the way to be!!!!
I would love more then anything to be yours . <33333
It's #MusicMonday #MM & I want to give a Shoutout ==>
#1DayTillBoyfriendVideo OMB im so excited!We're gona rock the world with SWAGGIE
of course! Looks like a great exhibit.
Well I did some investigating on Twitter and I found out who you and Misha be fucking for rides in that Mercedes Benz.
my cousin is fully convinced that i have a boyfriend...he doesn't know that i'm
RT : Bears RB Matt Forte is not expected to report to the start of the team's voluntary workouts Monday.
"My memory is so bad" " how bad is it?" "how bad is what?"
may God bless you and your family and ministry today in the name of Jesus!
Orange Crush, Have a Crush on me. ;)
I'm 748 followers away from #2000followers. But why is it trending anyway?
"that just got me harder than fuck!" ohh the things guys say these days..
#Bong advertisment: "the only thing wasted is you".
Yummy. B-day goody!
I adore my phone. I literally have the whole world in my hands.
The RBB will be screening the movie at 5th and Brazos all week during SXSW Take a picture w the poster, Tweet it and receive a RBB sticker
Major Pot Bust in Buckingham County. Sheriff says its street value is equal to the cost of 100 homes in Charlottesville. Details on CBS19
I got that mop situation covered for you
endorsed Greg Cox 4 Supervisor, Jerry Rindone 4 Board of Education, and 4 Council - great candidates!
Cop Glasses, California Sun & Coast Line. What could be more better?
- Rose bowl was AWESOME!
I expect hourly updates and pictures!
um...why didnt you call me and tell me about your first day???smh
yep as usual
Good job! That means dinner's on you
Yes people. I am biting the callouses on my hands. It's called
it has its ups and downs but its my home and I like it. The sites are beautiful though
The final draft of the book is DONE and at the publisher! Hallelujah!!
das me dude.
Haven't slept, at the hospital all night. Taking kids to school and then back to my boo
The band metric is really good...
without music, the only sound we would probably hear for a long time is the sound of traffic
if you are on 136 hello from car three.
Generally I'm not into super sweet drinks. I do like the citrus flavored ones, something kinda tart like lemon.
Your answer is in the millions of one-on-one interactions that are more salient to people than the most cynical article.
maynard i miss you!
excellent! How are you doing? ^ag
Me, today = unbelievably fast email processing machine.
Luging in #Queenstown today with my discount!!!
Listening to discuss how Baltimore is being green!
Hahah we are so cool!!!
no problem <3
got a great idea and drunning with it...
Curious to hear about that, as an LIS student interested in digital stewardship.
Me, too! RT : I really really wish I could present as well as
Looking forward to it!
My tummy is hurting ;o I'm prolly hungry
$199 is a splurge? Jamboxes Rock full stop. :)
I will, thanks. Lol, so funny.
Tonight... DRINK.EAT.DANCE @ THE ATTIC W/ DJ SWAYZE & ONASILE. NO COVER!
Is it just me or does Tony Dungy look like Yoda?
Someone help this headache go away
"so juicy" or "great smile"? Lol
hallo andrea I'm still awake, we can write who you follow me
We're trying to name my band, what do ya'll think of "Allen Cruz and the Bitches" ??
I'm good thanks :) wby? Why you up this early?
thx. Same here.
IT'S PARADE DAY MILWAUKEE!!!
HAHA!! RT: : That was really South Carolina of you, North Carolina.
"The Long Rows" 1966 -Benny Andrews. Intriguing, view from the height of a child looking at their mother bent over, both working in fields.
Wish I could have a decent seat to see but won't let me have A seat... Lots of angry folks
Homegirl who just walked by...that was such a snob move! I wouldn't talk to you!
of course! what do you do there?
thank you everyone for following us, we are now following everyone.. about to go to bed more work in the AM
News should be free. RT Thanks for reminding me. I just "unliked" them on FB.
After two #homeless nights, I should have a place for tonight and place to go to via bus tomorrow.
you in the bay fam.
Congrats to for winning male singer and justin getting slimed was the best thing ever :)
lol... I'm not comin out until i see some sun
Wtf pirates. You suck
When she cries I'll be there to cheer her up soon as I make her smile nigga u kno u done fucked up
Attn Members: Scammers are posing as FCCU to obtain your personal info. Remember - we'll never contact you asking for personal info
 Got a nice green fat sack in this joint. #stpatricksday
yeah true. I'm curious as to how many of these people have actually studied these prospects in the past
hey how are you
come over tonight.
Happy to be with her! : ) she makes me realize that life is too amazing to waste. Happy to be back.
I'm on the verge of becoming an enormous green rage monster.
I'm a bad friend. A terrible child. But an okay acquaintance.
Classic Kobe presser after the game last night. Reporter: "Can you guard them as a team?" Kobe "(blank stare)...No."
Wizards won, Caps lost. What's wrong with that picture? :/
Green is the way!
#raw10 im single again. my Girlfriend chose Takka Vodka over me. Takka Vodka? i thought i was at least worth Grey Goose.
so great to see you today at #HachettePrev! Did you have a favorite book(s) from today?
Tomorrow is going to be my last day off in a long time. I need to relax and enjoy it.
Office pizza. The taste of late.
Need Money?
Me, too. I almost always take several tries, at which point they start getting harder. Damn Voight-Kampff tests!
Who says Orton can't throw the long ball?
I don't find out if they put me with Mark and Tim until Tuesday though
You win
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
that's my kind of math!! Margarits for the win!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
it's april fools but I won't be pranking you. the end.
yeah, could be worse I guess.
Closing for the summer, open one day a week next school year. This hardly supports my rock and roll lifestyle.
Im so drunk rite now
getting this off the ground son!!!! I've seen and I heard... and they got no idea what's about to hit em...
Oh luckily I'm not the one in hospital - but thanks anyway!
Seems like he should at least get suspended... RT : 17-year-old suspect in Ohio school shooting to remain in detention, judge rules
: Guatemala? WI Dells? When did you turn into the world traveler?!?!? trying to enjoy before we have kids lol
I love Fridays :) they're so...peaceful 
So the straight guy that I thought could be gay and am obsessed with was making out with his GF, like I heard kissy noises and all
but it's still cute lol
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.  Mahatma Gandhi
#Lady Antebellum great performance for opening night of one of, if not the BEST sport in America- #football!! Go #NewOrleans #Saints!!
no here there not there there
I don't like heavy metal. I like only some rock.
Dangerzone T-shirts are definitely in effect 10$ u cnt lose make sure u cop up!!!
good old times
Great book! Also, thanks for the great set of music this year at One of the fest's highlights for me.
Had the most amazing time last night with :)) 
In sheer volume of what is written about an author, James #Joyce is second only to Shakespeare.
Im Sorry I Just Wanna Remember The Name I Remember Your Face.!
: if you'd like a killer right hook for dinner. That's my girl! How ya been?
early bird gets the mixtape
That was published before the crisis. This is new thinking. You need to give yourself credit & tell Obama.
Girls like "Bad Boys", so I'm telling you now, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing those string things off!
"Pain doesn't tell you when you ought to stop. Don't let it stop you from being who you can be"
Woot! Deal! :-) Happy birthday to you!!
Thx RT : Calling local artists! is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant. inf
Swag. Thanks for the support.
hey...whatever makes you happy!
Big meeting tomorrow official Havnot b-nezz
Life better without you
Before I die ,I want to go in to the playboy mansion.
What is the best performing #kmeans clustering algorithm for high dimensions? I found #kmeans++ to be lackluster on a low number of clusters
I wonder this too. Sign of the times. RT : Why the "news" just report on a celebrity unfollowing another celebrity on twitter?
Hey, Mark! Great win over the Spurs yesterday. Wanted to say THANK YOU for saving the St Patty's Parade. Great turn-out too!
Don't blow your mind with why.
Thank God I love Jesus.
hahaha WINE NIGHT
20 degrees colder today than yesterday for bicycle commute. No wonder I have a closet full of different cycling togs.
Tomorrow shall be the start of Musical March!
Keith Seabrook, also with the San Antonio Rampage, has one assist in three games during the playoffs
We Have 1D Infection I KNOW RIGHT!!!!
have a safe trip back! the activity looks pretty stellar!
We have 3 openings to volunteer at the Greater Chicago Food Depository on Nov 1st 9-noon - Who wants to help?
Amen honey!
RT : The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life. George Carlin
Bloody loved Wrath of the Titans. Daft epic fun....and again, the world was saved by the English/Irish accented actors!
Dammit. Great game, still love my Rangers regardless. CJ will get it back tomorrow.
idunno, the 420 ones did, though. :o
this is...huge. Thank you for sharing!
Don't forget to submit your short stories today @ raglitmag.com
Building a brand new website-almost done with the kids section...now on to adults. between shoots, edits, and new website, I'm a tired pup!
Still looking 4 volunteers 4 savethelibrary table at Mayday March.
Lifestyle family session tomorrow. Can't wait!
if I ever meet him or get the chance I will go to where ever you live and take you with me
Everything is cancelled this weekend due to snow... Now i can relax...
I Was About To Say "Eat Ya Girl Up Fa Breakfast, Wont Save You No Extras" lmao But...Nvm! -_____-
As much of an ordeal as it was for us, it never left my mind that if we weren't a straight couple, we couldn't even have applied for a K-1.
call me(;
Thanks so much Jae!!!
This new medicine is making me eat like a mofo
Dear Kenny ; i hope your feelin alot better. <3 You're in my prayers. I hope you make a full recovery. <3
caraschatz: love the new pic w/SLA Award! hope you & the rest of the "swish" had a blast thursday night! See you soon... ...
Fuck people and their feelings
Live music at Varsity Bar! Tonight, Marshall Hood, Jansen Hawkins and Mike Dubose. $5 cover, music starts at 6pm.
So are these storms ever going to calm down?
Thank you so much Pam!
Tiny goal in life: suss out "it is . . . that [verb]s" phrases and FIX THEM.
LOL... I will drink less...I know that, and that's a good thing with Steelers on the horizon. Sending my season ticket $ soon.
I learned it from you!
Charter schools have contracts w/ authorized agencies that describe how student performance is measured pursuant 2 State tests
Katy Perry: Blue hair. Nicki Minaj: Pink hair. Rihanna: Yellow hair. Lady Gaga: Green hair. I thought the Power Rangers were cancelled
those r the keys to Lac beating sas huh? Lol
your contact form page link doesnt
Hope you feel better.
please follow me it would mean more than the world if you did
Next up - build #greenhouse farms in
Today is National Prayer day!
HAHAH !! you are too sweet. xD
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen we're playing just dance with the youth group
last night was the,worst night...smh ATL weather has me so sick!
if you're able to do so, the girls at wegmans who's name tags say in russian "i speak russian" love when you flirt with them in it...
As you read this another chick with fake tits just took off her top for a dollar. God Bless America!
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
I love when I walk into a store and the clerk trys to speak spanish to me. Of course I go along with it Then I say thanks you jerk and leave
i'm probably not gonna get any numbers. lol
Shows got a lot of potential... : "I've been hunting hogs since Moby Dick was a sardine" #americanhoggers
haha I see them everyday. Best one was a 90 year old lady!
You don't have to, but it would definitely help.
We live in an "add water" society. Meaning everyone expects everything instant, Including success. Gotta put in work! Via
VEGAS IN FOUR WEEKS! I CAN'T WAIT!! :)
Find any good stuff?!
Watching the Pitch. Maybe they should make one for #PR. Strangely addicting
no cuz that's all one team u wasn't talkin all this heat shit before the playoffs once
1/2 Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm. Don't forget about the FREE wine tasting tomorrow from 4-6pm!! See you there!
: Been out of town for 3 weekends in a row but after the 21st, I'm open! Miss you guys, dying to get together!
yeah yeah woo woo! she's in the office now =)
No looking back at Sodom and Gomorrah.
Anybody saw the new show Mobbed on FoxTonight? Real Cool people should be happy when something good happens to another person and rejoice
why not
smh did u tell her she smells like mothballs ? :')
#TorturedSoul is amazing!!! I had no idea that the lead singer plays the drums. How does he play house drums & sing? Crazy!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net when baron Davis comes back how much of a boost will he give the ?
State of the Worlds Mothers report released today. US ranks #25. Improvement over last year but we can, and must, do better!
you deserve it!
Thank you for saying that, and we hope more and more people check out your music!
ready to
Totally going to screen cap that when it happens!
Just Tebow'd
on to recording the vocals, just tested out my new Blue mic, sounds bad ass.
newt is always ok.
": Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised forever with."
Listening to #stateradio on a bright sunny Monday.
That looks about right...
Supporter speakers currently outnumber opponents 25-6
I now know the future of library architecture is to strive to look like Mac stores.
Currently using my iPhone as a coaster for a can Old German. #LivingDangerously or just an
That morning when you can just feel something EPIC is about to happen. Priceless.
Clothes clothes clothes -- new vendor just arrived with gorgeous slightly used clothes for women from just $1 per item!
Happy Mother's Day You've been through so much since but it never changed your ability to  everyone unconditionally!
Grown men on Vespa type scooters.
what's going on sir!
what does the status "manufactured" mean?
crowd was great in section 9. Seemed real loud overall, don't think they wanted to see another loss
Why is it so hard for ppl to understand that space is the key thing to a clear mind???
"Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it." ~ M. Scott Peck
PS- Have you thought about moisture wicking pillow cases?
that troll humor? Or u just have no clue what law is & don't mind making fools of yourselves?
always rock a smile.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met. - William Butler Yeats
Less Go Tigers! Show them New Yorkers how we Grind in the D!
When I woke up in the middle of the night my brother tried to take my computer he failed cause I kicked him in the face
Thanks for sending Regions of the US postcards for our 4th Graders in Classroom Cantatas! Keep 'em coming: 161 1st St., Cambridge MA 02142
one more day of this 4day volleyball practice then a 3 day break from it . (:
If u have a bf and love him but other guys want u and in a way u want them and u don't know wut to do say ur not ready for commitment?
Thanks for the follow!
The past is messing with my head
Tonight at Salinger's: LIVE NUDE CLOWNS
:< to you. Heres to hoping we feel better in the morning.
<==Simply Amazing!!! Congrats Diva!
Instagram on or #teamiphone? Either way follow us on instagram at
#np Johnny Cash - Hurt. Yep probably the best cover ever done.
I FREAKING love ! Every song he sings is friggin' amazing! 
How was your trip to Lake Geneva?
While picking up my pretty new dress from , I spied some super cool, covert operations coming soon from
Cats drove me out of bed. They aren't happy when I go back to bed after feeding them. So coffee's brewing.
Thank you! Good to see you too! How've you been?
Yesterday I told my sister I'm disowning her
made the song #Boyfriend just for me!jelous ? JK
Exactly how I feel. I'm floored.
Dawggg. I can't take it
Chinese food
A real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by hoes.
Might buy some lebrons today just cuz.
like a man dick?
- never been to Europe - but water sounds like that Vichy water from France :-)
I'm taking this weekend off for my birthday. Yes, I am. Really. Check with me later. Dammit!
Do you specify race, when talking about something completely unrelated? Fucking stop it! It's rude. ("my black friend, the asian kid" etc..)
wat u head shaking about XD
you sound a little butt hurt
We promise to post photos next time.
Will there be a make-up show in SF for Veronica Falls?
love the new profile pic boy!
Let's go Los Angeles Kings!
i know i strongly dislike him as well!
All I ever have is croutons and water.
Looking fwd to our all AMB mtgs this WED and THURS, as well as getting new ambs at the end of this wk. Be safe out there in the ice!
Great show last night at eGarage! Doing a monoscene was fun. I played an alcoholic lesbian who just want found out her son was adopted.
Yea, how about us at ! Choose us! :)
All my Pinterest friends have impeccable fashion sense apparently.
swimming through currents, day one . . .
Dat Ass will be my only playland by the time I get my hands on it. Hehehe.
i can never fall asleep easily.
Thanks for the follow -- and we have reciprocated.
You know that feeling when you can't breathe and want to throw everything that's not attached to something? Yeah...that
Somebody plz tell kaiyon to go back to sleep!!
thanks for twisting my arms,lol stop by and peep out the ear massage.
RT : If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode. 9 p.m. on HGTV.
Highlight of my day- 2 prospective students stopped into & to spec. coll. I believe the words "Wow" were uttered!
your the one that got aways
if Tim ever tells you to tweet that he's dead do NOT do it. He's plotting stuff now. So mean.
Gary Life.
I think you will. A stiff drink may help speed it along lol. Please report your ideas after you get through it.
seriously? I enter all of my info and then you give me a message saying what's in my cart is sold out? You're worse than Target.
you're that dude brotha.
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either ~ Dick Cavett
what is it??
RT : RT Be careful not to critique the way others do what you wont do.//Profound Word!
looking forward to a great day of painting with epic youth
...tonight!...inside ....8 year anniversary!!
haha alyssa KILLED me with her comments
runn to your charger!!!!!(:
Duly noted!
don't hold on too tight! Coasters r way more fun when u throw ur hands up and scream ur fool head off!!
Cocktails with and 's mom.
Enjoying a nice meal at PF Changs at Natick Collection.
A federal court has denied Universal Music Group's request for a rehearing in the court case over digital sales royalties for Eminem.
All female. Just a lil split personality disorder!
Dear google, can u just let me write my sentence before u start guessing...
Are u a building supplier? Join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami, an amazing line up-check here: www.ExchangeEvents.com/builder
May the fourth, The Avengers opening, Free Comic Book Day, Berkshire Shareholders meeting ... geekiest weekend of the year?
I'm on International Block x).
Jenfek is playing the blind tiger tonight in greensboro nc doors open at 8
do you miss Colorado?
If you listen to the right music with the windows down, the #Nashville #cicadaattack provides a little extra eerie quality.
Okay, let's say the "Woodstock" project *is* real and it replaces Zune + Zune Pass' unlimited music subscription service. So what?
3 teams - you rock
so true, you just tear her apart!
yeah I love the odds tmr for memphis. I'm hopin denver can outlast the lakers in the next quarter...
Yez...We'll be there! You?
this is adorable!! i'm so beyond excited for you guys & your family :) :)
YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT.
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Mini Makeup Brushes! Was it business as usual for you while your coworkers took off for the holida
i thought you were somebody else! Omg so sorry!
RT : Feels good going
it was actually one of the more dramatic moments of this trial.
DNC's Hillary Rosen sez Ann Romney, a stay at home mom w/ 5 boys, never worked day in her life. Really? Have her change Harry Reid's diapers
Saw your spot on MLB Network last night. It was great. Well done. Enjoy the games this weekend
tomorrow I guess
Congrats 2 my man who performs on Conan this Thursday
But... nicely. I think the student will be more likely to respond if it's approached like a mistake, not an intentional insult.
Helping out Hearts & Hands with their monthly grocery distribution to an average of 300 residents.
Ok. Time some serious sleep!
hey, y'all should play one of the new songs :) "bad as you wanna be"
Sure thing! Check out crashingcars.bandcamp.com, we're coming out with an EP in mid-August. It will be posted there too!
Happy Thursday
Everyone in north hills is eating out tonite.
Wish you the best on your quiz hon. I know you will rock it. So glad you are enjoying it :D.
Oh how I have missed everyone. RT : YELA party tonight :)
#WealthyWomanTip Smile more often it attracts positivity and success :)
Got a little trivia going on over on Twitter... want in? Follow us!
at the #RVA Nonprofit tech conference #ntc12 very excited about learning innovative ideas
Goin to gene and judes with and company
I would play it on th PS3 but they don't offer the first mass effect on it. I gotta finish what I started!
How was it - I plan on being in Vegas next year :)
Just got home.... whew...I went on after the awards and they went on and on and on......
Who was that Tim Brody guy throwing the football around?
8 yr old is enthralled watching 1957 made-for-tv black & white version of Cinderella w/Julie Andrews. Gotta love ski week.
I love my name!
I am grateful that I have satellite radio to jam out to on the way to work!
Lupe Fiasco for
Well goodnight y'all.
Making pistachio encrusted tilapia...we'll see how it turns out.
Happy Easter! My niece keeps feeding me chocolates.
i fell asleep !
Doing more damage tonight...
Yep! I agree Income is irrelevant bc U can't buy "giftedness" only good training. hey parents
I'm mad my mom just forced me to get up by hitting me with a pillow 
your influence and sweeping excellence
High heels are an awesome tool to help the busy woman slow down. I'll take a little pain for some extra minutes of solidarity. Who wouldn't?
Now Farvre says he's hurt! I can't take anymore! Remember the 80's song "All Cried Out" by Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam? Play Ping Pong already!!!
hi ales,...isnt it your birthday soon, looking at theese tweets,since i cant have/find you on my Fb, i'll need to remember,,,???.
HILARIOUS... & the Oscar goes to... Kourtney Kardashian as Madam F! Wait that's L... LOL ;) BRILLIANT. Many do say that sh!t...
just downloaded Black Radio cd from iTunes...a must buy!!!...limited time at $6.99
That shit crazy
Ryan, Happy to hear that our work has inspired you. I feel that same inspiration every day-inspiration that keeps me working.
Wohoooo-go MPAs! Congrats to all for hard work
Well, we held our first ever picnic lunch at the good ole Sports and Social Club today. It wasn't planned but hey, it was lunch!
I think I need some new sneakers, just so I can have an excuse to say: Yo, check out my 'kicks'!
glad to bring you back to print! (even briefly) There will be an e-Radio Iris available, but not for a couple weeks
Happy mothers day to all you beautifil mothers out thurr!!!
thanks for answering quickly ;) did you get food?
Sustain the love and stop the hate.
No one cares about basketball
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute <3 lol :)
call me back
Happy birthday to our very own We love her.
man wtf is going on I been texting u and message u on FB man I'm getting mad
lsu has better case to get in than Alabama in that scenario. Bcs is a joke no matter what happens.
The wrinkles were caused by the expanding and contracting of the c.1910 cellophane they were encased in; now to flatten
everthing is good. See you doing great! I'm enjoying the songs. Nice, keep it up fam.
I DO NOT miss humidity!
Not sure what I would do if I didnt have Justin Beiber to get me through the day cc:
Another PK for Man U and they are right back in this thing.
You've got mail!
RT : This one for clean-water plumbing. 
I just think he's incorrect about swtor
Watching my first Bulls game in over 10 years. Faithful Chicagoan I am. Let's go Bulls! w/
Are you a small business owner or an individual needing health insurance? We can help! Email us at or call 719-520-3232!
You are just fantastic !!!!!!!!! i love you
She can come too!
LMAO!..DAMN 4REAL..HOPE HE GET WELL...
ames Naismith may have invented Basketball, but Dean Smith perfected it. Happy 81st Birthday, Coach.
Baklava is so delicious. Free baklava is even more delicious
I think I did... though it was not fun to not have my ID with me this morning.
would've been nice if vanier had told us in the lab that we needed a signedNatToInt method in order for the tests to work
i sleep to dream.
Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!! Free Limo rides! $75 bottles of Vodka!!!!
wat if u iron the paper? :D
Thanks for the RT
Well since the Ravens aren't playing at home (ha), we can open up the lots at the football stadium.
Why would you put your number on twitter?! -__- smh bryan! RT 8612819 :)
Sitting at Einsteins enjoying my coffee, and watching two woman secretly sizing each up, I waiting for them to draw on each other
#RushLimbaugh is 1 dead pig that deserves 2 b beaten mercilessly. Screw how it makes #liberals look! Let the a-hole go satellite.
Change is the hardest thing especially when it comes to people
Aa pulp: A #remarkable concentration of antioxidants that help combat #prematureaging, with 10 times more #antioxidants than
Got it, and I am sorry about your loss.
NU can't run it | 3rd down and short, will they try? | Nope... false start NU |
i don't like Shoobe...
ooh, cool! (: coincidence!! :D
Two fantasy drafts over the weekend. Never feel prepared enough for those. Two more drafts this week. Who wants to watch opening day Wed?
#community best show ever. Seriously need
I've asked a coach. I'll get back to you. :)
FL state line!!
Anyone trying to email me today? BK is having email issues. Call my direct dial or email me at
it's buenos diaz
we're about 30mins away see you soon sweetie, we can't wait!! =) muahhh
I'm OK...just get ready for work
I've been around long enough to know that we're not bad enough to get Lucky, but not good enough to win 8 games.
That mistake is now corrected! Thanks for the follow up.
By a NICE crazy lady....
OK will do
ok, lol... try now
Awww, not this time! Phone died! But you too! xoxo
Awesome - how was everything?
Wished I lived on the west coast, Packer game at 9:30am, how awesome is that,
Hard Rock Cafe will host the 2nd Guitar playing contest "AxeOff USA" Saturday 12 noon. Sexy Axe Girls! & Comedians will be present.
what's the "R" word?
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
wicked tired peace out twitter scouts! :)
Matt Kemp and Josh Hamiltion... Unreal. Straight killing the ball
SHOUT OUT TO YOU! EVERYONE FOLLOW HER IF YOU'RE COOL
A lady asked my son if he could see into the future... Preston replied "The future is at my daddy's house" lol...
What? What lane violation?
I hate kids that used to say "I'm giving up homework for lent!"
If y'all tryna come to Dallas and promote da single y'all welcome to post up at my spot G.
Work work work! :) writing songs today
game tomorrow?
Hey Rebecca, I will be there with bells on!
so, a nice splash of spicy pepper sauce?
Mexican private Universities marching against the Oligarchy :D #YoSoy132 First time since 1968.
RT : Since bin laden's death, 367 American troops killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
Watchin cars get #smashed at the junkyard
o ok. my meet and greet was at 1:00 pm we waited outside for like an hour but it was soo worth it
We'll be in Los Angeles twice this month, and Las Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend. Who else is joining us in the sunny cities?
what the SHIT is going down on ur page?! Checked in w you & felt like I should greased my face and take out my earrings!
The Andrews Sisters and Tex Beneke are just magic to me. And The Ink Spots are godly. Music needs to be more like this stuff.
NEW! 50 Killer Free Social Media Icon Sets
Should we call our new band The Pinchers or Pops and the Pinchers?
: Wishing Everyone a Very Happy and Prosperous New Year! May GOD BLESS You All with All the Luck, Success, and Happiness!!!! :))))
The Coliseum and the Islanders are a top priority. Losing them and all that comes with them is not an option.
Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly. I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. :D
when you finally decide you want me , I won't be there anymore .
Conner I'm bored hi
Honestly if we have plans and you told me youd text me then don't text me all day.... I'm looking for different plans
hmm. scale must be broken.
this class sucks dick two hours of hell but at least there was no quiz and hopefully we will get out early
2nd season jenny 
is fantastic. Love being able to check it in real time on my iPhone.
IF IT WASNT FOR THE ARTIST THE LABELS WOULDN'T BE NOTHING
hey whats your ichat? cause i dont have you on ichat :o
Gonna go hunt for food. Be back in like some ood minutes.
oh no! You caught me. #WorldsWorstSubtweeter haha :)
Yes indeed!!
1I'm pleasantly srprsd u were up n at pub, didn't know u loved real football, 2 they're gooner fans...can't expect more
I don't want to do homework!
Back at the #DMCA anticricumvention demo day.
I'm am attempting to get happy on Strawberry Rhubarb margarita....i will be streaking our 'hood soon!
I hate to say this in spite of a death...but as Americans, with no jobs, no royal wedding, no sense of hope, it feels good to be unified.
": Oh also remember when you called at like 3 am on the train"omfg she texted me about that yesterday
Yeah.. I'm totes going home to take a nap after this hour.
FYI only: sending my guest blog post by tomorrow :) Will email it to you for review + consideration
oh and Eric spoelstra? Hope he gets eaten by a rabid dog. His mahalu looking ass. Needs to go back to the damn A/V room
when do you come home for thanksgiving?
CANADA!!!! #lilbigshowdown promo tour
just ordering 30 dollars worth of food at McDonalds at midnight...no big deal
then they're not true fans
he didn't did he???? Piers looks a wreck...someone should send him home with a bottle of wine....this ain't a tsunami
" Hi I am Rafael and this is my llama" hahaha I think it can fly southwest!!
He's on mine too been a bit of a letdown this week but don't worry he'll come through :)
Mom's song!
Thank you, butter knives, for being harmless. Unless you're butter.
I am into it!
same ol same ol unc... Working and acting... U straight?
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Still Crazy
That finale of smash >>>>>> #sogood I can't wait for next season
what but what if we make it to the cup?!? What's wrong with you!!! 
Sounds good, have a good lunch!
I. Need. Waffle.
Redneck word of the day: Otter- he otter buy her a tractor for their engagement.
How awesome is that? Very cool.
omg i was waiting for you to call me!! We were supposed to skype our shows tonight??!!???
morning! : Morning and c(_)latte hugs!!
Lol! Oh no! Can't have Thanksgiving without the cranberries though ;-)
WET 18 and over Party tonight in UNION PLAZA official after party for the NEON Music Fest and More, Only 2 VIPS left cal SARAH 915-449-2066
huh interesting ... I'm watching TV, just posted interesting to b watching when recently unemployed...
Happy fat Tuesday!
Barrow Alaska had its last sunset of the year today. Next sunrise: January 23, 2010. Any complaints about weather in your town?
It's kinda old.
so about the twilight porn for girls "50 shades of grey" convo last night. Got an e-mail about it today?
Thank you! Very glad to be here!
What is this all about?
why do I even come home from school on the weekends???
Hah, excellent point :)
so the annual problem for our generation is finding a good way to spend it. Phineas and Ferb theme song
that's so rad, thanks for spreading the word!
Thank you for the recs!
Enough with the (crappy) Oregon band and pregame bs. Drop the puck already!
It's about time all these fake, bandwagon hopping fans get a refund on their #Yankees caps. Its mid May and the #Orioles are in 1st place.
I am queen of procrastinating!! lol Esp when it makes me anxious!!
We're going to need to appoint a Meeple Wrangler.
Agree, we see that ALL the time RT : Bror Saxberg says giving students control of learning pace is proven to work.
Where is ? You're gonna get it
Sterling Hayden is the man in that movie. The hooligan. remember he was once called "the viking god of hollywood"
must. reschedule. our. HH!!!!!
which head? ;)
It #smells like #some #nasty #ass #breath #up in #here #grody CieraMariexoxo
I'm So Well-Rounded In Da Game.. I Should Win MVP!!
great question!! great to see you at Snooze! i'd answer your question except i HAVE NO IDEA. at our apt. packing. ;)
Aha :P Oki :D
im so proud of all of you you've come so far!
Thornton is the biggest piece of crap
Remember: enter [SHIPFREEUS] or *[CADSHIPFREE] for free shipping in US or *outside of the states on all orders of $50 or more!!Goodforever.
Wait until you see the #friendiversary pictures. You wanna talk cute!
#randomthingsmyfriendsays "if u were a robot you'd be eva,only pink,and I'd be Zeus from Real Steel... Hm thanks?
I Love Easter and it's wonderful promise ! I Love spring and all it's beauty !!
Boyfriend needs to hurry home.
Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time.
Has anyone heard of any great Breast Cancer Awareness events in NOLA this month?
 #Pisces is drawn by #Gemini's wit and communicativeness, and #Gemini is fascinated by #Pisces's mystery
Loved talking cloth diapers and #ATX with the lovely crew from ! I adore being a Thirsties Mama!
SO MUCH TO DO TODAY
Piano man
I didn't say it was awful! I just said I'd rather spoon my eardrums out than have to listen to it for more than 3 minutes.
wondering if there is a bus from Brooklyn to DC
heather needs to chill out
Except for work, I'm chucking Facebook. It's creepy how they're funneling "news" down into more & more narrow streams.
God Bless you my Brother. Love from Miami. Would love t o open an outreach in this city. We need it.
we r pitching in 5$ lol
"Your lemon squares taste like ass!"
I just found out that my first 5K is actually an 8K! Oh my!!
What fashion figure from the 1920s lives in a world full of wonder? They call her Flapper, Flapper . . .
Check out the last story link, It will take you to a gallery of nothin' but Impregnation smut (who knew, right?)
can't believe it's September already... That means it's soccer season! =) Stay fit people!
Joining #artsmgtchat on behalf of - we are talking #socialmedia #strategy join us!
thinking sample it and throw some 808s under it, and tell him to stop coming at me wit corny Sh#t...lol that might be mean tho
Keyword Optimization: The Cure for Search Overload Syndrome
raffle call! Hope I win! If ya weren't here, ya missed out. If u care, Donate or !!
what about it?
Never trust a hotel that changes to those big fluffy beach type towels. They are really hard to put in your suit case!
Fck, I need my nails done.
actually, your twitter handles says you're a shark.
You aint discussing shit. You're trashing on the fruit's of glorious labor
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road.
wow really over it
going to get a first script filmed this weekend--strange and exciting!
i like it it kinda sounds bad ass (justin) :"P
everything is good, hit me up whenever u get a chance.
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breasts
Who is out and about in Chicago right now? Especially if u r close to the north side. I'm out and need a partner to get drunky!
hey if you are free meet uprights at moonshine
Playing the Roxy in Los Angeles, California tonight! Come chill.
Hoping the rest of the day goes by fast so the weekend can begin. This has been a LOOOOOONNNNNNNGGGGGGGG week.
falling asleep <<<<<
i know i know i havent seen you guys in forever that needs to change!
I didn't know people had such bad handwritting for being Juniors xD
NO RUSH, DAHHLING ;D
aw love you :) are me, you, and Steph all still hanging out this weekend?
Phoney ass ppl
Oh hey, shirtless man running past my house. How you doin'?
RT : 4 California king Mattresses left at the Washington Co. ReStore NOW ONLY $10!!!
Shane Mosley is punch drunk. Golden Boy should retire him before he gets hurt
Wyd? im bored.
Wow that is one heck of a picture! So awesome
delete this stupid !!!
here waiting for someone to text me :(
I luv the source code
When clients asks for a new site, app, or social media campaign they're asking for the same thing: a digital transformation to compete
Thanks for the RTs on my blog post, !
I'm tweeting when I shouldn't be.
RT Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson Pics with him, raffle & more.
Y'all in love with the Raven Symone that was on the Cosby's.
... thanks for the follow :)
My nickname in high school was ZiL. And Zeus is really Suse backwards. Maybe we are long lost cousins?
It always seems impossible until its done ~ Nelson Mandela
Not surprisingly, + = television gold. "You got too many commercials on this stupid show"
nice to meet you Todd. Heads up: ENKG possible run, FBCD major run to .10+ soon I'll be buying large around noon. IMO
Mt Vernon Sq looks sharp with all the beds mulched and the flowers coming into boom!
And how is that different than most major sports?
RT : RT I live by the same routine day after day. Nothing ever changes.
NO only a HEAT jersey. the hell are you thinkin..
Belinda Why do U have a seering headache why is my nervous system in shakes mode ask ASIAN female passenger on PCC/SHUTTLE
Nice way to end the 1st quarter!
I can't believe Florida State #seminoles are loosing! I have them winning the whole thing... #MarchMadness is stressful!
Everyone please pray for moms surgery to go okay tomorrow morning! <3
Good morning 
W&M Faculty Committee proposes to eliminate the GERs, cut required classes in half, cut the required credit hours by 1/3:...
Yay! just poached eggs with my new egg poacher pods from Dee-lish
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...BEARS/SEAHAWKS #TAKETHEOVER (37)...CUTLER & FORTE/HASSELBECK & HOUSH...BOTH TEAMS WILL FIND THE END ZONE!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!
I know the Ravens are wearing black Sunday, but I'm staying with purple because basic black is just screaming for accessories.
Dream Job: Victorias Secret Angel! !
I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does.
what u got up for the day
wow ok im done D: i dont mean to go on lol
Falling in love as we tweet! Thanks!
What is the number one deciding factor that makes you buy a ticket to a theatrical show?
Happy thanksgiving world! May your bellies be full!
Hunger Games in bed then sleep
I just unintentionally said give me your hand in spanish lol
oh goodness...& my phone died too. Smh
Well, there's always the World Championships for Malkin, Crosby & Fleury & Letang. #willtheyevenwantthem?
Listening to Beautiful People by Chris Brown is part of my daily routine hahaha.
RIP Whitney Houston. Only 48, she had a good but rough life. I'm guessing OD or suicide.
taking care of buses for Kuvia is more of a pain in the ass than I originally thought. i just want to go back to ignoring this mess :(
have you seen prada's color block sandals?
So hype today is Friday!!! Just got out of practice bro's b-day party in a few:)
#reallybadChristmasjokes. What is the best present in the world? A broken drum, you just can't beat it!
I hope Kobe's 7ft team mates will show up tonight... Then there should be no worries.
If you have cold, MODERATE exercise with increased fluids can actually make you feel better. Don't exercise if you have a fever.
I'm not a stalker haha :o
I wonder what & will be doing when I drive through GB at 4:30.
I really have the best man ever. Writing my paper while #Will makes me a healthy dinner.
#VegasRoast jimmy Greenup live from Miami getting us started!! Surprise, surprise fucks strippers!! Hahaha
Who is skipping the #Superbowl to watch this year? So many people are conflicted!
Best concert ever!!
We had a huge turnout for Famiiy Sunday , and tons of fun! Thanks for the mention.
There's nothing wrong with being that person who stands out. Everyone is not meant to "fit in" ...
OMG this is the funniest shit I ever seen on twitter
Happiest of B-Day wishes to you!
Hated him, but Steve Young. Not even close...
Jay Mohr is the hater. Not JR. Leave our boy alone.
How did your nutrition weather the storm? Read more on my blog at: www:eating4achieving.com.
Yesterday is gone tomorrow is not promised realize what you have today cause It might be taken away in the blink of an eye
The Washington Co. ReStore has BRAND NEW KitchenAid stainless steel hood vents for sale for cheep! Can you tell your members?
Funny how Lebron can win MVP 3 times out of 4 seasons. But can't win a championship ring.
Amar'e had been lost since they got Chandler...Melo roll bounce back, but the bigger issue is Stat
Thanks for following! Great platform you have created. We look forward to connecting in the future.
Not to me. As soon as I saw him on Nadal's side, I was ready for this result.
I can't believe it's over  sorta makes me sad
Peanut butter burger? For reals?
RT : It's 's birthday you guys
Florence & The Machine are here, party is back on
Thanks to our sponsors for Jazz Under the Stars. It is going to be a great time! Square One & Augusta Brewing
done done done done. I'm done
: There's nothing wrong with being GAY! .../ And, social norming based on fear does not make it so.
What is KUC?
I had my first topperstix in a year on Saturday.. I couldn't resist
Thanks for reminding me what an awesome panel that was - I should definitely storify life more often!
Ignorant bitches -__- <<<<<<
I want more sleep
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Team Trivia tonight at 8pm plus 35 cent wings 5pm-midnight. Come to for a good time!
I just did! And no one has ever deserved it more.
I do
SJP IS SO FIERCE!!!
check your email.. sent you and evite you have not yet opened ;-)
Today hasn't been day. Now has no plans because of you
Staff just reviewed its process for selecting qualified firms.
My college years were filled with exciting trips, shuttling friends from the sewing lab to the ER with needles embedded in bone.
Link? RT : The team that wins Game 7 of a seven-game series in the NBA goes on to win 100 percent of the time.
Maybe you've been knocked down. It's time to get up and recover all. Just don't ever forget the taste of dirt!
#WeWontWork if you prefer facebook over twitter .
Being in an over crowded basketball gym << Being in a basketball gym with little to no people >>
should be on a Pepsi commercial....
#Brunch special: Marscapone Stuffed French Toast w/ Dark Chocolate Covered Banana & Maple Syrup - r u hungry yet?
Thanks for the shoutout -
Celtics & Wizards headed to overtime.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone's indirect tweeting crap about you and you just want to indirect punch their face.
Aw...that's pretty awesome of you. We are pretty good at Rockband, but we're better at the stock market. Thanks for the mention!
From one ex-pimp to the next......"Add more powder to your palm and all your problems will be gone"
The ability to make good decisions comes from the experience of making a lot of bad ones.
Slow pig, madison, here we come.
Fun Fact: By some reports, a band of fyfes and drums can be heard up to 3 miles away over artillery fire.
"attack the enemy"
in all seriousness- does Roenicke know Aoki is left handed?
Hey I just wanted to say that my girlfriend who died recently loved you and I have so much respect for you.
I love me some Wale!!!!
Shit. Been in electronic line to buy Springsteen tix for five minutes but line hasn't moved.
At a Shell gas station, corner of Vance Jackson & Loop 410. :-)
I went to my first Mavs game last night! :) Not a rangers game yet :( you have fun!!!
Not lookin to good for money may
where did you have most of your work done?
is looking for a Business Banking Sales Support Analyst in our Dallas marker (Bank of Texas) - 505.855.0845
Ohh *wipes forehead* lmfao I was about to say o.o
have her follow me, i love your mommy!
Wherever you travel, learn the customs and follow them. That is pretty damned simple. Don't apply your customs in other place.
YES RT : Pay my colleagues, pay me, pay us for our work! This is a form of violence; we will fight! ...
Haha! Me too! Like if I met someone like Hillary, I'd probably forget my name too! & be totally speechless! :)))
your not wasting your time bud
I think airports look like a giant contest called "Who Looks The Tired-est." I'm'a win this bitch.
The #trw11 theme is "Picture It @ your library." I might set up a drawing pad with markers for doodles.
Oh, yes: important clarification from : on April 20-21, 2012 to be held at
If I could take a big shit for every dick thing you said, they'd have to bring in a bulldozer to take that shit away.
I forgot I blocked !!!!
just say, sorry not omg or anything.
My dad just now: "Hey, did you see that Hockey East might be getting UConn?" No Dad, I hadn't. Please tell me more.
Shame! Shame! Shame.... They need to bring back hanging..... Because most of who killing ppl r afraid to be kill...
That awkward moment when you run into that one girl who hates you ...
Police sirens going off. Another crash to check on later.
Thank goodness is playing right now. Otherwise, I'd be watching aerial coverage of Peyton Manning arriving in Denver.
Hey , is waiting for the follow from you. #AustinFollowHer :}.
How frequently do you have trouble navigating the health care system when you need care?
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday - Panasonic FP7750 Medallion Series Copy Machine, 18000 Cycler Refrigerant Recovery Unit-
the TITANIC its like 3 hours long!!!!!
It super inspiring! I hope people learn from this video!
I really want a bunny. I think that would make me happy. 
- well my source said we were allies.. hm?
Friday Night Fish Fry starts at 5pm...Support this local charity...Knights of Columbus 15 North Hickory, Arlington Heights..All you can eat
Drying out & clearing up by late this afternoon. Then dry conditions, partly to mostly sunny skies & above average temps for the weekend!
Is it bad that I evaluate the effectiveness of anyone's plan before I take part?
Ford F-150 Pickup
Magic- on getting #Beckham to re-sign for TWO years. I still can't stand #BruceArena, but Becks and
hope the pictures are looking good :-)
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all mothers, grandmothers and those who nurture and care for others.
"Aim for the head!" ~ NICOLE MILANO
Will she like Kate Spade? ;)
If I can't pronounce it, I don't want to eat it.
LOSE YOUR FUCKING MIND GO CREW.
Genital Hospital blows in your ear and tickles your fancy.
Simply pouring boiling water or hot soapy water down a blocked drain can help loosen a clog to ensure no flooding will occur.
Thank you #SusanKim4 for the heads up!
Summer Clearance going on now!
you missed a heck of a show at UK's Big Blue Madness last night.. Can't wait to see you back at Rupp.. Go Cats!!
Q4Onboarding included daily e-learning course with daily virtual classroom for review and a workbook exercises w/ mentor direction.
Undefeated! Thrilled with ASJ's ability to bruise inside. Study him, Kemp/Breunig RT Huskies are now 1-0 in the ASJ era!
"aren't expected to do so," does that mean there is still a small chance the Rams will tag Lloyd or has it been confirmed they wont?
I'm gonna take you for a ride.
Love is everything. It is key to life, and it's influences are those that move the world.
Wish I knew @ twitterfall when I did my culture essay lesson a few weeks ago!
Preview my new single "SLOW ME DOWN" on Facebook today!! The song hits stores this week!
Do my eyes deceive me? You can actually buy a now!? I must have one!
Thanks for following, ! Be sure to check out for all of your marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design needs!
Alright, that's it for Lakers tweets. Thanks for humoring me. Off to masturbate!
Starting my body building program today. Strict carb intake, and body building. Thank god my dads a personal trainer.#Letsgo!
Viva mexico!!! viva South Africa! Predicted a tie....
21 days of school left then I am officially a senior!
May all day
Wow. This is Life? This is Life! My life. Thank you God.
Half the house has no power.. Why does it have to be the side with my room & the internet?
Don't you understand? you mean more to me than anything in this entire world.
all links were automatically open
I scouted that division in 2011 & from discussions thought he was going to Padres with Erlin.
3am for me in Alaska!! Glory glory!!
First day of the #NFLDraft is a lot less exciting when your team won't pick til the 3rd round. Lots of time to focus on pick
Seeking referral/recommendation for bulk document scanning services in Madison, WI, area.
ma man (8
#Independence=overcoming obstacles with courage & confidence to stand up for what's right! Know YOU can depend on #JIT to help u get there!
Tonight was crazy, I'm telling yall its getting bigger
My moccasins are now soaked:(
Words With Friends friends who are cheating somehow, some way with your million-point words... I'm on to you.
If you could go ahead and hop on the 7:30 train to Chicago...that would be great.
awww boo I'm gonna miss you too! #LoveYou :)
follow back
Created my own vector brush to used for branding my images.
Did Jesus have to trim his nose hair?
RT : 4 weeks til #BHOF12! This week's topic: what 3 items are essential for surviving BHOF weekend? Tag response
Just got back from school finally, but I actually arrives like 15 min. Ago. I made 4 keeks at school my name is
is wearing a Kansas jayhawks shirt today.
MAGIC MIKE - OFFICIAL TRAILER HD -
Still deliberating on the Oatmeal Stout, but we're leaning toward the "I'm on a boatmeal Stout"
GOAL! Adam Novack nets his second of the game to make it 3-2 Oakland
Sup man. How can I get ahold of the #BucTown singles? Mine are terrible quality.
Ughh how much longer until my friend gets her unlimited texting!?!?! Oh wait! Two more days!
UWS at 630, and support NY fun run w/
Correction , thought think you made a Central Pennsylvanians night.
one a&r's trash is anothers treasure!
LOL!! Yes. Perfect..
yea.. lol its really good tho.
RT : Is This the Ugliest Mona Lisa?, A Presidential Vacation #Art Guide for #Obama, and More Must-Read Art News:...
RT : - Last Drag [Andre Jetson Remix] playing on #BPM -
RT : When ur feeling down just be thankful for what you got in life ..
happy birthday to the funniest girl i know your an amazing friend and i hope you have an awesome birthday! (:
Who were you guys up against?
YAY! I can't wait!
Being w/ family makes you realize alot. But now that I'm hangin w/ them its always that 1 empty space in all of us wishing Terrance here. <3
New on tCR: Interview with Maria Murnane. We talk about writing, soccer and the evils of buying used books. On thecurrentreader.com now
Keep the guesses coming! Throw out a number and you might win a $30 dinner!!
I think I am done with all yoga videos. May just do some poses on my own to stretch
Absolutely! For a change I'm in town for next few whole weeks (as far as I know :).
Blunt blowing
Can i say or do something without getting judged? No. This is my life, i dont want any comments about my own decisions.
Get your Nightly Themed Dance/Hospitality Playrooms ticket NOW for only $90 per cpl. Skip the long lines get yours for EXPRESS check-in
you know who he is right :P lol ?
They are going great! I can't wait to record the new material!!!!
Knicks looked good but need to close out games with defense.
The looks like an egg. (Sorry. But that's what her avatar is!)
I wanted to so bad! But I have so much freaking homework it's insane!
supporting that age old adage - any #PR is good PR?
I could tell. I gotcha tho, I gotcha.
That was hilarious. I love when he gets pissed off. I like Bowa doing it better.
Might be able to see an #indystage show tonight. Pondering my options over lunch...
you know thats a weave! lol
eat fresh.
say what?
I know, I've tried 2 make a mental note but I've a feeling on another day of the week I'll think something quite different!
ok, officially going to Andrew Bird Sunday night. YESSAAA
The new bridge on highway 76 is now open in
Debate nationals. But the Toronto game, on June 16th, we should definitely do!
Sorry, and I hope you guys are OK. If you have to cancel or block any cards, make sure the companies do it internationally [+]
Im also mad I cant go play tennis wit jen nd ana
Venue Registration EXTENDED until Friday June 10th 5pm! www.ghartwalk.com
grrrr my dad is like its to far. Yet i can walk to the delilmfaaaoo
Thank you! So nice to meet you too! RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by #elleandjae at
Thanks, Dasha! RT : What a great holiday party !!! So nice to meet more of this super talented family last night:)
yeah I like her music she is a great singer.
and at the legendary #Minneapolis venue known as the music at 9:45pm
Thanks! I climbed it in under 15 minutes!
ask your question in pictures and everybody gets it no matter what language they speak #12NTC dan roam
Our Civil War exhibit opening April 16 reveals the the Civil War in Md as a tragedy in 3 acts; the romantic war, real war and long reunion
Do we have first hour tomorrow?!
you two are a great team. Keep up the great work!
my favorite part of winter is the snow its so pretty <3
My grandpa always said he would take me but I don't think that's going to happen now.
Ghezz, good for my friend, she's going to Miami. LOL
What does doing both of those things at the same make me?
Come meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, this Tuesday at 7:30PM via Skype! You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
#cnndebate: The Handmaid's Tale + some post-apocalyptic dystopia that is too frightening to be written.
Chill, Alec. Intelligence has better things to do than to partially censor tweets in the mi
I'm sorry, what did you say?? I can't hear you..
Feel better soon, happy Easter.
I sneezed, and it hurt my left side . #ouch /:
Drinking by myself. Making "Ultimate WENDY mix CD" for friends- or in case of my funeral!!
So darling hold me closely tonight
LOL RT ": #badsexaward #shortlist "'I came,' she said. 'I noticed.' 'My mother told me it didn't happen for women.'""
Thanks so much for the following!
You can only have one: A) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat, or B) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat Song, Bon Bon, by Pitbull. Your pick?
So official #OMG GIRLZ i love that song
it will it's Wednesday
Still....catching up with my day
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family & Friends
Can I help you find your home you want to buy, or see.
finishing up the weekend. the unit is on tonight. how long til football season
Will do, Sir.
Salad? This word is not computing...
I wish it would leave it in my closet ;)
Gotta jump on that #sc2 practice
Hooray Homestar Runner!
learnin as I go, bro :)
thanks for following, and congrats on all your success
Congrats Eric!
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures do not lie, yet admits than under analysis a few of them won't stand up either.
Twilight was actually a pretty decent movie
LMFAO.! he already walked by me idk where he went =\ legit looked exactly like him though!
I regret ever wearing shorts to my game this morning .fuckin rasberrys suck!!-_-
Min button with 13bbs and AKo in million, BB shoves Q10o on me and wins. 302nd for peanuts after a 5th in $215 HORSE.
We have a new server ready - vpn-vn6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
#earthday _ Isn't "Time" part of the environment we live in? Time also suffers pollution. Time pollution harms our intellectual environment.
haters dnt bring me down. And they certainly dnt bring down JB. Keep talking. Is tramp the only word you know ?
..bet you think my tweets be about you, i say i bet you think my tweets be about you.. lmbo
You know it
Thanks for responding to our tweet, Qlove. Will you play at my next BBQ?
oh! Well you shouldve said hi! Didn't see you lol. Thanks for coming. :)
way to be a week early
And whoever I be with, they got nothing on you . That's just something to do when there's nothing to do - drake
#violence is always the answer
sounds similar to Bullets being turned down by Juwan Howard, is $48 million an insult....
#Spartacus season finally so f$#' GOOD!!!!
#ThatEx who inbox hella chicks on facebook
I need to meet - I need her. It's just that simple
MY PEEPS: let me know you survived the #earthquake though facebook, twitter, or whatever your preferred Social Media is - no cell service.
I need some candy.
bring me some
According to a recent Trulia report, it's cheaper to buy than rent in 98% of US metro areas.
I kinda feel bad...but I had to be honest :/
This is the stupidity ..of this movie and the time jumps... *dad please turn*..
For any disgruntled 49ers fans out there, would love to hear from ya.
I can leave in 20, if Plum is ready. 
I need followers and supporters. First phase of filming to begin this Saturday!
": I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care." I really do
I'm going to vomit @ this homework
YES JASON
#iamamentor because it provides meaning in my life and the lives of others. Volunteer today
Where is it?
be sure to bump my new shit i edited the fuck out that hoe bump it "riding round my city"
Ur knife my back my gun ur head!
tweet tweet ... is this thing turned on?
gain power within...
Hitting and relief pitching need to improve NOW!
Thrillist says soft open tonight? #Boston media only?
Holy crap, the Blue Line is flying. Where was this in 2008?
LMAO HIS HANDS
you traitor
I can't! RT : you had to kill one who would it be Downy JR or Johnny Depp?
RT : Events are a more natural way to discuss requirements with the business than services
are you engaging in the sad phenomenon sweeping the nation - #sleeptweeting ??
WOOHOO! RT : Its a great day! I have been accepted by to #studyabroad in New Zealand in the Spring!!
: AP: Mining company pulling out of Wisconsin because Senate couldn't pass a mining bill. Blamestorm in 3...2...1....
: Detroit friends: Wow. 10-0 #gotigers [do the kids in Berlin watch the Tigers? #progress]
a week from tomorrow but I go back to school august 10th I much rather get out later I hate how we get out so fucking early!
Do not miss Sebastian Maniscalco this weekend! 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.
I've had them do that after the pedicure -- put shoes back on so then you don't mess up the polish later.
You gotta know when to fold clothes, know when to load them, know when to use Tide Bleach, know which colors run...
Coming Soon - MilwaukeeCoupons.com
=/ I knw that feeling . . . ": I can't imagine one of us taking our own lives because our family wasn't supportive."
you are right re crowdfunding but sec 201 is good; will do away with general solicitation ban for all accredited rounds
you felt kinda bad... smiley face ;)
Sleep... Where art thou?
I'm out of Baileys. Hello boring drip coffee.
if he plays you guy will lose for sure
4) Since no one is ever around to help, don't drop a TV stand on your pinky toe. 5) Number 4 sucks.
Showcase season is beginning! Break legs !!! <3
real time search..who is interested in it...only a news junki or someone who has got time to count the seconds that go by..lol
"What are you watching?" "Regular show." "Is that like a show about nothing?" "No, but it's all made up and the points don't matter."
Monsters dont need implants or a bitchin Monster car Monsters only need to love the monsters that they are
169 closed in both directions near hwy. 55 after major crash.
wassup. Love you wanna go get sum food hun
#PeopleLikeUs live every moment, love every day, cause before we know it, precious time slips away.
a bartenders life comes with sacrifices :-) you can do it captain!!!!
Margaret Fuller~ When your dreams tire they go underground and out of kindness thats where they stay.
Three points mandatory. enough said.
Everyone go follow
Referral Friday SKGraphicDesign for Websites and anything graphic, Ruth Otero for a great actress and if you want to write your own show.
we love you more. :-)
What type of peanut butter & jelly shit.is that #ohioslang lmfaooo
timeline is full or #spurs support, i love it!
Thanks Tony! How r u? How do you like the new shorter 1-story format? RT : Morning. Will be watchng for it
Hey we are here...wtf back at LA...Vegas airport closed due to wind turbulence! Its ok I just wanted to cruise the sky anyway...smh!!!
$300 fine for smoking in the apartment. LL can't charge random fines, can only charge for actual damages, but threatening eviction. Risk it?
Shout out to my young ... We be swervin in the streets
Because you don't see me don't mean I don't feel your struggle. I'm work by the hour every hour to get my homies off the block on the real.
Boom. It's like that.
Excited about #kickoff12 global sales mtg this wk. In technical session on #edge #data protection & access architecture
amen! Miss you!
how can i get to go on a date with me? Who wants to see this!?
Funny how it's called truTV yet all the shows are so obviously scripted. Hardcore Pawn is by far one of the worst shows on tv.
girls just don't like me. if you don't, tweet me why. i wanna know what i've been doing wrong. it won't start drama. i just wanna know. 
word docs look pretty good on the Dropbox app. You can also share folders so that others can contribute/add/edit.
yea don't forget him & I know were we can take the 4 wheelers if Ur dad will let us
crashing or buying?
Yay! The Sun's coming out! Celebrate the day at our Happy Hour! From 3pm-7pm.
#ThingsIGetAlot dirty looks and death threats
Looking forward to a successful week!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
#Chiefs Rookie Camp- Wylie has some impressive speed and explosion out of his cuts. He can get separation in a hurry. Great flexibility.
I've played it three times in a row.
I always heard it was from the Fresh word "poque."
RT : #Michigan QB Denard Robinson (Deerfield Beach) scores on a 32 yard scamper. Already over 100 rushing yds in first half.
Kuntz: businesses very aware of professional develop: volunteering with arts organizations a good way to do that
ok since you chicas are on it, I will too
Whatever helps you sleep at night boy
Anna Farris is hilarious.. Watching what's your number
Literally the most ignorant thing ive ever heard. "if you've gotta D you shouldnt be aloud to graduate."
Sad day at Dayan House huh? These stupid ppl need 2 learn how 2 respect there Masters from the likes of u. Keep on truckin' dude;)
oh! if i have my current job... budget cuts don't look all that good 4 probationary tchrs
Big Mario's Pizza for dinner tonight! Best choice I've made in awhile.
It's that time again.
Have a great day everyone! Check back later. :)
Awww. Poor you lol. I ko'd after I did ALL my work :/ so accomplished LOL
So happy that Kashian gave you a platform to talk ball w/o an audience. Also, no Jewish AS team is complete w/o Ryan Braun.
Buffalo wild wings with Things r looking up!
I Am Too Young For Tears In The Night.
Half price ventis at Starbucks happy hour? Heck yeah.
RT Now getting ready for dinner with and , with drinks with to follow. Xoxo
Don't forget to support the Timbers U23s as they play PSA Elite on Tues. at 730p at JWF. 1st Rnd of US Open Cup.
I agree! Just the situation on the whole is a lot of wasted energy.
can u stop teasing us we r on a volcano waiting for the single and u are teasing us btw OMG OMG IT SWILL SOUND GREAT LOVE U !!
Thank you! I can't wait to show you!
UK UK UK!! Come be a part of the family... Go Cats!!
Don't #Regret the Moments Lost...
Through the woods and onto Austin #MCN2010 I go!
how big shit you are, of course. Sigh.
Right as my mom ends treatment for esophageal cancer I learn I have GERD. Glad to know this now! HEARTBURN CAUSES CANCER!
That's one of the reasons why I love you . (:
Are you crying? No. I'm trying out my new waterproof mascara.
I think it's time for a movie marathon! May the 4th be with you!
awww yay I'm so glad you guys like them!!!!:)
Onside kick? Dumb call
: Hi. It would be nice to see a National Geographic book on the history of chess. This is definitely a book I would buy.
If They Crawl......YES lol
she to damn LIVE.. I know she be havin yo ass Rollin!
I love the new album, headlines is my favorite song
thanks for the follow glad I met you
Thx for the rts - much appreciated :-)
guys! would you like to work on a website?
My top pick still stands though. I lived in Paducah, KY for 6 years. I'm still a big UK fan. I'm sure we'll part company there. :)
Having a great time in Phoenix met with SunWest yesterday, heading to E&J Appliance today
Leaders demonstrating Emotional Intelligence understand data and feelings must integrate to make decisions.
The Pokemon World Championships are at my hotel. Gotta Catch 'Em All. Awesome
Olive oil does wonders. I've also heard about apple cider vinegar being good as well.
hey we lost our connection and cant get back in!
be back twebs
suddenly, Alex Jones is credible?
Take a seat Mendenhall that was a nasty hit Nada!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell a joke and it's not as funny as it sounded in your head
y los profesores y
: Satellite radio takes itself too Siriusly Bo
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. ~ Napoleon Hill
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 766 calories burned.
it's 4:03 and i cant sleep without you next to me. i toss & turn like the sea.
As a #Muslim #Entrepreneur, what ways are you marketing to the #Muslim demographic?
i can't stand the name of that store. i feel like it's a warning to not go in :)
Ski time! (@ Copper Mountain)
i love to eat....wouldnt you like to live to be a hundred?? not if i cant eat tacos and cheesecake
Looking forward to the #Masters and rootin for the Golf Boys! (no particular order)
coming to the show mate?
Mini milestones making me happy at the moment.
Do you think helen keller can read lips? ..... Shes blind david!!!!! lmao!!!!
High 2U2 Mary Jane RT RT Living 2day like Half-Baked the movie...
: LET'S GO PHILLY LET'S GO! ~ You know you are a clown for this right? smh
I see loser(:
I wanna go out I'm bored I'm sick been and house every weekend
No don't do that
It's like the butterfly sensing another butterfly, but seeing a caterpillar.
RT : Some of the cutest boys, Can be the most irritating shits ever.
: I know a secret then... So excited too!
Like a zillion other people, I saw The Hunger Games this weekend. Jennifer Lawrence et al were great, but the movie couldn't beat the book.
That was stupid granger
Brown and another bad decision. Takes $$ from Yankee Pres. As if MA voters didn't hve enough reason 2 vote 4 #ElizabethWarren 4
I figured that now is a good time to back up my writing. Maybe you should too.
that is WONDERFUL, so happy for you #twin !!!
: Ladies: A man who has options will not stay faithful in a long distance relationship! #ConflictOfInterest
I can't wait for Sonny and Tea to snarl at each other in Spanish!
I LOVE YOU MOMMY
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 72F Fair: 72F Fair
Man, this train is depressing this morning. Come on guys! Do I gotta get this conga line jump started myself?
I wanna hear all of them ^_^ RT : One Direction recorded at least 80 songs since they've been together.
Text "neesa" to 3475354110 to be the first to know of our parties, events and VIP access
Lol wanted to go to sixflags on sunday
yup. You didnt see my mentions last night
Take an art class together & learn something new such as pottery or glassblowing. You'll have fun & have a momento.
Kentucky looks NBA ready
sounds like a plan! Let me know when you are free! hugs!
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 8
Updating our #facebook application template to the latest Javascript and PHP SDK's.
#IfWeJustSmashing then don't ask for my number.
Magical. Magical day.
yea ok
Goin to the mal
I was wearing that shirt last weekend. "Yeah!"
pats took him. Upshaw is still on the board
School is a rollercoaster. Coffee and Red Bull to study for Calc, beer to write German papers, then more Red Bull for CS.
Who else is attending #Bisnow Washington Real Estate Summit tomorrow? (perhaps easier to ask who isn't attending)
My pleasure, always.
Seriously. It is effing Hot!
Awesome picture!
if u say so :b
when do you get to summit?
I'm not going to lie today was pretty good!
Beyond ready for this weekend.. Prayin mother nature will be kind to every soul in fredonia so we can have a good #fredfest2012 
Who is going to watch Desiree on this morning?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Are you going to get some playing time tonight?
I hate when people do or see or even hear things and they act like its brand new but actually it be old as hell #extraLate lol
it should be a zoning law that every neighborhood have one!
RT : Be Remarkable! Be Re-Tweetable! -
''ima tell little luis to come, then all the hoes will be there, he only got one dick.... the other girls are for me''
Hey now... If you don't want your vacation to an awkward Chi town suburb, I'd be happy to take it off your hands for you.
HoeLies #71: I went to college for an education.
Good luck, we're cheering for you, "Mike"!
Everyone got new cars for christmas/new years... i got new tires. lol
Do not be proud and arrogant with yourr knowledge.
Athletes who achieve breakthrough perf. say that its effortless,. Flow or "zone is a state where athletes act w/o thinking.
woof. Gatorade = worst chase
Had 2 switch twitters cuz I got in twitter jail on da other one...but its not 2 early..lol..u jus can't handle the heat
Making all of us over 40 proud!
Enjoying a nice cup of joe like a dirty hipster would
how I wish I were there. All amazing songs!
s/o to my new Followers
&quot;what strikes me is the power of saying no as it relates to experiment and innovation. No, we&#39;re going to do this differently&quot;
Surely it depends on whether you're looking for active engagement or just some kind of bulletin board?
I wanna play Marco Polo with deaf kids.
Why am I suddenly subscribed to a linkcat -survey email list? Subscribing me without my permission is NOT COOL.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
6200 bus anystop said bound to Montgomery Mall going to silver spring 12:51 am at Bethesda J2
wait up
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
My plan to leave the NC Democratic party in shambles when I leave office seems to be working!
Well, if you choose to accept Lugar's view on his own record, his actions did the talking.
I want to french kiss anyone who asks a good question at a book reading cc
Thanks for the follow!
is it me or is Stan Van Gundy a hybrid of ron jeremy and jon lovitz?
Tan lines are like highlighter for your most awesome body parts
looking forward to a pint of manny's in seattle tomorrow night
I found your soul mate! "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back." LOL =)
Love women with nice tanned legs
In Mammoth's lowest-scoring 1st half this yr, CO with a 4-3 lead over WASH. with 2, and 1 each
probably Davis and Miller! Hate Jones and Lamb leaving too! But sure don't blame them!
Thanks Jessica!! #Blessings!!
: For your fans' name: Blaine-iacs. Like maniacs. I dig it.
nice knowing you lol
Woke up today at 3:30pm, definitely jet-lagged...
Wish I could've spent today with my milf of a mother! 
a fitting and beautiful end to the series.. was a truly amazing movie!!
pheww! thanks so much lol!please encourage your followers to follow the one and onlyFIRST OFFICIAL JADEN ARMY <3
Hey Brother (bias) lol, and Papertrails I love that shit
Thanks for letting me be your plus one last night at #SDMNOmothersday! Had a great time!!!
At QP symposium today we have 3 prezis and 1 custom made Flash QP. Great progress towards alternative forms of scholarship and presentation.
well thanks! (: u are too!
Friends met Joss Whedon at SXSW last night. I'm trying my best to control the raging jealousy.
Lots of thank you's to get to! Here we go! EROCK
We're a legitimate site desiring to share w/other legitimate sites. Any suggestions how to fight the sudden onslaught of Twitter spam? UGH!!
RT : If you see a spider on Halloween it is said to be the spirit of somone who loves you. No squishy!
Faith takes patience, hard work, noticing changes around, and more patience.
Not only is his heart is amazing but he has a sex game to match!
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes
I am in the process of updating EVERYTHING now that the album is done. New music, new photos, new website, new blog COMING SOON!
Amazing rehearsal for our Roxy show! Debuting a super dope acoustic combo, as well as a couple new songs ;-)
Sorry, i only dig the classy ones...... Leah Lovve<3
Thanks for the RTs. I really appreciate it. Summer Berlin beer of thanks is forthcoming.
I ask myself the same question.
it's all good, I fell outta my seat at the bar in Fridays the other day and I wasn't even drunk yet ;)
S/O To all my new followers.... Just mention me and I'll
RT : AH I LOVE IT!! I went there for the first time today and I must say I am now addicted;) /Awesome- thanks!
YOU ROCK, thank you so much!!
Hey, don't hate, this is a gift from the Gods!
hahahahaha story of my life, unfortunately every time i put on jeans
This is just a test to see if you actually look at your mentions. :P
lol. Me too.
Makeup tip of the day: When applying falsies, please push them down into your lashline so that they don't sit on your lid & truly look fake
RT: "A one word reply is not acceptable to my paragraph message #butactually" this is one of my absolute biggest pet peeves.
omg. that was to funnyy. bahahah
Remember, February 9th is the A New Breed tour w/ and at ! We've got tickets for only $10!
For us two!: "Distance does not matter if two hearts are loyal to one another."(Which is such a true statement for me).
Brave. RT : I have even "cold-called" potential sponsors and asked them to sponsor me
Life is a thrill if ya know what your doin best to know what your doin before your life gets ruined
Praying for great day for us all
Yea...that's the worst! Agreed! RT : oh i HATE hearing/watching myself. i feel so stupid/awkward
where the hell have you been Miss?
Filipino ladies need to dress more age appropriate...
Wi fi & laptops... one the best inventions :)
Scholarship recipients will be notified TODAY! watch out!
awe your welcome! Plz post more of him from now on! He's too cute not to be seen lol he made me smile so much
thanks, guys! Just follow
Looking forward to an amazing Friday! You?
"The perfume of the whole experience..."- ballerina Alexandra Danilova
Beer is now cheaper than gas. Drink. Don't drive.
": #HardWork" yep. I think was trying to kill me today lol
I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it. ~ Garry Shandling
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
woot! & Sunday morning
I love that song!!!
Thanks , likewise!
Now with 27% less random figures!
Im getting that shirt! Well, whenever it become available online!
you missed the funny part! omg, i was like dying hahaha
Thank you! RT : have you met yet? You both need to talk!
#quotes #success A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
Feels like a draw something kind of day. # boredtotears
Great tweeps who share fabulous ideas!
Hm... 6 of the top 10 free apps in Google Play right now were produced by ....Google.
Rewinding Romney on Counterterrorism: 'Dr. Strangelove' and 'Attacks on America' - TIME (blog)
Cowan's innings looking worse now
omw just wait inside
Finally! Let's get some runs for Sabathia!
used to live two doors down from your parents. your dad was such a wonderful man. miss his spirit.
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from.
When I attend games at Camden Yards the O's are 1-5...I'm gonna stay away from Camden Yards for awhile.
DealShow starts now, stay inside and out of the heat to do your shopping at www.dealshow.com
Cool, if ya'll don't object, I'll plan on crashing the party. If u dont have a tic, I'll just pick up 1
GO READ PART TWO OF FAR AWAY!:D
There's no better feeling in the world than helping others feel good about themselves
been naked all day, in nothin but a t-shirt
We sold our soul for the Stanley Cup. Next 40 years of misery now.
They'll just give anyone a music contract nowadays, won't they?!
The #badgirlsclub reunion was crazy can't wait for part two.
It is, in the sense that was joking about it, so I designed and printed it up.
It's National School Counselor week! To the many school counselors who participate in our partnerships, thank you for your hard work!
Only the Rockies have allowed more runs in the NL than the #brewers. That's really has been the overall story, despite the offense of late.
You couldn't bring over a casserole but a severed hand is okay?
See, the reason that I swear so much is because FUCK YOU.
Happy New Year! In 2010, our users crawled 12.75 billion URLs and processed 118 CPU-years!!
Listening to Air Supply and Manilow and thinking about the Wheel of Time, TV, and new books.
'The young do not know enough to be prudent & therefore they attempt the impossible, & achieve it, generation after generation.' Pearl Buck
..and the Lord sayeth unto thee...though shall not chose belligerent customers/people or smacketh dumb coworkers upside the head. Amen.
I'M FREAKING OUT!! AH I AM SO PUMPED!!
Wine & Dine
WHERE IS THE REAL #TEAMFOLLOWBACK DAT DONT UNFOLLOW U ONCE U FOLLOWED THEM
We have some tailgating for the sweep already happening. A few James St folk will be there. Anybody going?
nice. glad you guys concur. I like getting back up :)
Today I am going to spam Austin and try to get him to follow me(: Today, is history(; maybe...
awwwh...hahahahh! I'm still laughing!
Hi Liberty Grill ! Following U, follow me back please?
Oh ... We've sunk A&M plenty of times!
Thank you for the RT
I seriously need to paint my nails tonight #Unattractive 
how did you work your way into Armstrong... come back to Duq. where we also close most things before 10 :-)
bon voyage + don't forget to write! xo
30 GB's of free storage at glidedigital.com - so cool!
dolvett will you marry me?#biggestloser. :)
couldnt be any nicer tonight.....
Laying in bed watching Jeepers Creepers
Hello tweets my first time so show some love
Happy Valentine's Day!
thanks for the link to the nasal strips. I use those to help me sleep.
First order of business: Schedule a game with and whoop his ass.
' new single "Sweet As Whole" is fuckin awesome! -- "You're a sad sack of shit that's pathetic."
Open one at a time and take turns, with a cry of "rip-tear! rip-tear," if things move too slow.
We stand with these kids. Current policy is a violation of the 8th amendment.
"You need to spend one of your free days with me" um I rather not
don't worry.
Portland, OR - #JOIN needs blankets/tarps/sleeping bags for the homeless population. Any help you could offer would offer these people hope!
Great my fever is back
haha wtf!!!DID HE TELL EVERYBODY!!!!!!wait did rey tell u or MATTHEW!!!!":)
Happy birthday brain and tell angel that I'm sorry her mom past away :( at least I think so
Wada=Duchscherer? The news from Showalter did not sound good.
I lost most of my contacts, great -.-
Anjelica Huston saying "Oh, wonderful" means good things CAN come from bad.
Very Very nice of you !
all I hear is talk.
"Psychologsts say a crush only lasts for 4 mnths wen last longer you are considered to be n love" guess science sais Im in love
I love her smart bad ass.
Christmas themed Pictionary tonight! Only at
Maybe by the end of NaNoWriMo I'll have a whole *chapter* written. *headdesk*
That's high praise from THE expert on the Jura! Thank you!!
what are your sources saying about manning?
is she pretty girl wasted?
well then go tell her that
Next ppv #OverTheLimit i cant wait
When people ask me why I didn't text them <<
Send the envelope back empty and give the letter to your nearest Dem office, union hall or savvy blogger.
Thank you for the #christmas present
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE FROM MIAMI I LOVE MY CITY BUT NOT CRIMES AND VIOLENCE THAT'S IN IT
I see what you did there.
Now that's schools over, I need to look for a second job...suggestions? :)
Wait! Meant VH1. RT: Watching Most Shocking Music Moments on E!. Now this is good TV!
well ya with wins, but ERA has nothing to do with a high powered offense.
just woke up, had a visit from some cute pups, time to just chill.
I am still learning. ~Michelangelo
We have a great live show on tonight check us out!!
Have a great Show papa regards to the fellas Angel, Ricky, eric From your 1st Timbalero Chino Nuez
i will let OED know.
It's alright yeah I'll be fine don't worry about this heart of mine, just leave the pieces when you go
Waiting for the T storms to pass so I can fly to Los Angeles...
Spanish better be crazy tomorrow
if u do it, I def need a pic. Preferably one with u nekkid. Lol seriously, I think it would look good.
YEAH YEAH YEAH!! #happybirthdaychrisbrown !! i love you
"Sales people are coin operated" - cool anecdote on engaging sales force in the competitive intelligence agenda from Jon Hink at Fiserv
Congrats guys! and
None but ourselves can free our mind. -Bob Marley
Bailout Side-Effect: The next President will be in the business of evicting Americans from their homes. Republican Trojan Horse?
RT : Q. What's the best way to turn your blog into a social business? #latism < to learn from the
Yeah I thought bot nuke was for us. And I'm sure it was. It also conveniently paved the way for more $$$ from Spins.
Sorry I could finish the Game/ Broncos. Patriots. Because of A little Proplem I had with my Laptop...
You're right. Thanks for the reminder.
In no particular order... The 2012 most endangered historic places are... Libby Hill Park Overlook,
I have really enjoyed your posts this morning. I like to try and focus on the aspects of the relationship that are still good.
A new 36 Percent Project logo and site are underway! Stay tuned!
Lets see if Cro Cop taught Igor his infamous headkick.
I mastered a perfect round off.
with the current state of med and tech in this field, how long do you think it will take?
It's a cappuccino from Dunkin. Heard they might be some competition for us. I think the sink liked it more than I did...
ones for casual dumps and ones for intense
you never disappoint! Wanna get together for coffee on Tuesday morning or early morning golf?
I'm not sure if this is a product of aging and forgetting my own memories, but I'm becoming more interested in studying histories.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor you to follow us on Twitter!
Today I'm allowed on Facebook again. I was on there for about 5 minutes and relized how stupid it was and came right back to twitter <3
Nothing will work unless you do ~ Maya Angelou
W/ political and economic turmoil in Eur. Possibility of exit of Greece, where will growth and funding of 19bn pa come from
Chill bitch ur in just caise i told u aboit it stop tryma be a show off
We will stop selling our Marvel balls on Monday March 12th, get them while you can, we wouldn't want you to Hulk out when you can't get one!
smh. These tweets!
hahaha be nice be nice
HBOgo is the bomb--log on and see all the episodes of HBO shows.
Fruits and veggies from the coop, check. Tomato soup, broccoli soup, and veggie soup, check. #Saturday =
When are you going to Ibiza?
Great catching up with this morning!
My new album "Media Relations" by The Long Lost Notes is now on iTunes, CD Baby, Amazon, etc. You can buy all the tracks there and you...
Lol ok I'm done. Omg yay its Friday
i'm too fast!
HAWKS WIN<3
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Philippians 3:14
installing dev software on Ubuntu...is it really this easy? wow
Your simply amazing, girl it's time they face it..
FANTASTIC NEWS!!!! So happy for Sally and Neil!! RT : Congratulations to on the birth of her daughter!
Seems like I should do something, and sleep on the plane.
RT MuniMakin_Mitch We turned a negative into a positive and we gettin a lot money off it! We yung nd got buttons to press!
one year ago I lost my father. today, I have the greatest family and friends to be more than #grateful for. miss you dad, thank you <3
so it goes
The 3 C's of life: choices, chances and changes ~ You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
i literally just cried for real
I message someone, get no response, and am left feeling like an idiot
RT : I think this proves we are indeed related...! U already know baby! Now let's get to the Bossom Bed and chill
Jason we talked a while ago u dont remember i live in sb
As a lecturer, I assume that anything I say in class could be public record. But what about students who speak in class?
I'm glad you got first tweet from She will reply you someday. ;)
Strive to get to the place where you don't want to trade your life for someone else's.
With one quarter remaining, Idaho leads Bakersfield 72-58
: I love tweeing it's like the world has been invited into my living room
MANN YALL COME ROCK WIT TONIGHT AT WIT YA BOI
In the long run, kids killing each other > kids living forever by biting each other.
They won't go far. Even after this game.
#alexlovesyou follow me please? (:
In many parts of the world springtime is underway. We invite u 2 connect with the #Jewish Homeland:"Planting Israel At Home!"
R.I.P. Jack Lalanne !
Anglica will air on PuertoRicam Panorama 6abc-TV this coming Saturday at 1:00 p.m. Please, let your friends know Thanks
I couldn't believe how quickly temps dropped yesterday afternoon. But supposed to be a fantastic weekend.
yea babe so watsup wat r yhu up to x
Everyone should go follow :) why? Because I said so and my word is law!
Thanks for following , , , ,
Katy B tonight!
yup!! How did you know??!!
True story for this owner. RT : #FunFact - 80% of dog owners buy their dog a present for holidays and birthdays.
you're such an inspiration & you can hear the emotion in #skyscraper I love it! <3
John: I learned the solo to bohemian rhapsody last night. What an awesome solo!
Thanks for the +K!
Bittersweet = my favorite & reminds me of Cafe Loco. lol. listening to the HoodooGurus
awesome I'm in Ridley Township. I work at my corp job during the day. I can do a weekday evening shoot in my home studio
they shall build statues in honor of my righteous singing.
I'm not gonna know what to do :( FUF + Emily sleepover soon
oh yeah baby, I'll have a mojito just for you tonight ;-) woo-saaaaaa!
Just a reminder workshops start tomorrow at 8:30AM. See you then
Spend three days with your peers from different universities and companies sharing problems and gaining solutions.
Mosquitoes are Communists.
We don't have a Do Nothing Congress. We have a Do Nothing SENATE. While House offers budgets, Senate won't even debate or vote.
thank you, we're happy you're enjoying it! We could help if their interested too.
: thank you
try Cava Mezza, Whitlows on Wilson, , or Liberty Tavern
did not just tell us he on STRIKE! Because of chicken and spaghetti
I ousted as the Mayor of Caltrain today.
Yep. And the excuse machine RT : Bulls twitter mafia will now focus their efforts on hating the Heat... w/ ya salty asses lol
I have a paragraph left for my project, then I have to fix my paper, journal, and make my visual T.T
This is deja vu all over again! #Bruins playoff power play is atrocious. Why can't they figure this out? Plenty of talent, but no goals.
All I do is win win win no matter what, just like my team! #KentuckyWildcats!! #KentuckyStandUp!!
Indians lead it over the A's 2-0 coming into the top of the 4th
Don't do it if you can't keep it up.
The review for Haywire is up on the site, but FB seems to not like my link, so you will have to head over and check it out yourself.
Can't wait for this!
your guesses are all wrong so far so here's one last clue: betudonthavetolooktoofardowntheOPRratingstofigureitout
You would not guess how many "peeps" items i saw today !
USD Threatens Bearish Channel- Index Eyes 9950 as Techs Point Higher
Why the heck is Austin wearing that in After The Runway.
Watch the thrown
i want pauls job!
where ya at boi
MTV hits has Bieber Fever WOO TV is great!
happy to hear that!
The pursuit of approval usually ends in disaster. -Chris Morris
Loving Contre jour on my iPhone. How can one game be sophisticated, adorable, and this much fun.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 26
Ozzie Guillen on OTR: "I only visit neighborhoods endorsed by Tidy Cats"
being mean to >> (: I still love her tho
Second cup of coffee and I'm not feeling anything :-(
That awkward moment where you're always against Cody Magno in a historical argument. Why do I even research?
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
#ThingsWeAllHate when you find out you can't drive your monster truck on the road
Another new vocab word: 20K for a startup is known as "Ramen Money"
Making social issues entertaining--homelessness in Darkness Descendngthru fiction, interacitivity on web
Revenge of the Nerds is still just as fun as when I first saw it
Thank you for the gift certificate - very kind of you! Excited to try again.
Yes please :) Congrats, winner!
hey im not just ur body part im a part of the teen wolf so i was wondering if u could please follow me and reply and maybe a SO
LetterThree provides customizable solution-based training for your counselors. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Praying for my amazing guy preaching it up at #catdallas today. Wishing I was there!
BABY DIRTY BRAIN BORED - MAKE HER YAWNY YAWN
Pls follow and I will DM you the info.
90K HELL YEA FUCKING RIGHT! :D
Umm, I can stream every episode OZ on the HBOgo service thanks to ? And stream sports live via ESPN? This is excellent!
Sorry I missed your birthday! Hope it was epic! Thanks to I knew about it!
congrats!! Still think he should be a golfer though.
Playing a whole set at worship tonight!stoked!:) HE>i
why can't we retweet ourselves on twitter D:
the hospItal
Who likes to get tree high!
Central Park Standoff Kisses!
Just got some bus tix to a client near
so i cant find my directions to my project.
Steady snow ends in valley between 2-3am. After that we're back to scattered snow showers. Have a great night!
#LastTimeIChecked this is MY twitter, so don't tell me I tweet too much or I shouldnt tweet this or that. Don't like my tweets? Unfollow me.
yea ur right because they stick them in a small box with no air and and dont feed them at all
#wordsthatdescribeme dedicated, professional, hard working, whimsical, thoughtful, artistic, creative, loving
It's gonna be huge? I see what you did there Sean...
LOL and I almost got ran over and this dude had the nerve to flip us off??
#what2chainzwouldsay dead watch .. I kill time .. Feds watchin I still grind .. got mixtape PUSHED BACK .. Lebron James HAIRLINE!
I see Jennifer Lopez got good tips from the good sis Katy Perry on how to secure a #1 spot.
Well... I live in Virginia
Just signed on to represent Comodo's line of info security solutions. More details to come next week.
How's your dog feel?
Need suggestions on places to get stickers printed in the LP/Lakeview area, and suggestions?
Empower yourself.
Haha exactly!! Ha night=]
Yes, there is one about the app but in some of those we have two tween kids and my youngest boy. So it confuses folks.
yeah, you speak publicly what others are privately thinking.
Are you serious?
Happy Friday ! Yankees win... daaaaaaa Yankees win !!
Great, thanks. Will do it now.
The coach definitely had on his preseason suit. Potato sack with buttons?
Smokin! Just the thing to go with some ice cold 'Rita's.
I feel the same way !!
Just started reading Matterhorn by Karl Marlantes. I am excited.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.~William James
you need to change ur password to lose the virus
You guys going to be in the normal spot in Wynwood tonight with everybody else?
I love how many people support IDA that arent even on the team <3 thanks guys!
This melancholy weather makes me miss the 9 train.
Damn.... seems like everybody having a party 2nite
#waystomakemehappy buying me snickers and Cheetos out the blue because you know I love them <3
Participating in Women's Water Day for church-- It's gonna be a battlefield in about 20 minutes!
Goldie Hawn just refused to take a picture with !
Yeah!!!! You could sell it at like, kid stores x) OR PARTY STORES. You'd be a millionare, in no time.
It took me forever to find a recipe, since my childish transliteration was "glimpy soup."
thanks man!!!
#4famouswords Damn, your drunk ass!
No! But, related: I love your mom.
who would've thought..
"Ideas shape the course of history." -John Maynard Keynes
Man its so hard to ask but gotta let it go......
or wear long sleeves all your life...
today is a writing day...so why am tweeting and not writing?
Dude... their pay is all talks about.
Agreed. Thanks! RT : Great to connect!
#Imagine Zayn wraps his arms around your waist, and your noses touch as he slowly kisses your soft lips, pulling your body close to him.
Was going 2 download The Vandals as well.. easy boy, one album at a time.
catching up on Hulu, loving on my cats and getting a massage...
"Yeah i'm in shape.......shape of a sphere!"
How much do ports impact your state economy? Come to the TandI Summit and hear John Milliken, Chairman, VA Port Authority
My students are my strongest advocates - Diane Chen
biggest belly, Irish Car bomb race, & shortest jean shorts.
Follow Back,please <3.
u just happen to choose the 3 best players in the world lol.. But in 3v3 I do agree
hello Lisa Davis
Bored out of my mind.
Hi cab drivers, it's 2012. It's time to stop being assholes about taking credit cards.
I'm fucking mad af now mane.
Free concert-ALAN JACKSON,, ERIC PASLAY set for Sept 21st !! 4th annual Capitol Street Party on Demonbreun!!!!
You meant "soo creative" ; )
they can't just "create"shit lol.
done wit the taxes! ...now, to give ALL my attention to my assets. :)
Cool! You should have submitted it to They have a daily feature with several sunset photos from around DC.
Rode to school with
seeing an old couple and thinking about him. asdfghjkl; my life<<<
FINAL: Churchill 3, King 2. Double play to end the game. Churchill advances to face O'Connor.
I like teaching, don't get me wrong, but I just might like the research that goes into planning a class better.
I love you bro <3 :D
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa.
God can change the situation your in and reverse the hurt.
Thanks man!!!!!! :) RT : has a nice tumblr check it out. and he is sexy too.
I'm confusing lol and stubborn
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes, and hear all the great testimonies!! (347) 855-8377
Remember When You Could Get A Real Burger Or Dog in NYC for $1? Well, You Can Again - via
I couldn't' find any..(moonshine) ....thinking about a card game today what you got planned....
is an entertainer. Great job on #TheVoice & "Red River Blue". Blake's hot wife #NowPlaying on
True, I was more amused at the failure of the PR guys to spin it in a positive light. It just read like a negative review.
all can be had very late in drafts... Aybar was 20th rounder in recent mock and could give $20 in value...
Dammn rite im sleeping on yu niqqa give me my pillow!!
been loving your narration on my daily commute. You make the LA traffic bearable!
Tough night for most New England college hockey teams in the NCAA tournament. Good luck next year to BU, Maine, and UMass Lowell.
What does Britain's Got Talent and Politicial affiliation have to do with each other?
Shauna is making Brussels sprouts...if they taste as wonderful as they smell dinner's going to be great :-)
RT : Discouraged by the growing gap between those who use technology and those who develop it. You can do it!
hope to see you guys tonight. Frontier bar at 10! Come and hang!
Please follow back.
Glad you like it!
Does anyone know how to play True American?
Happy to serve you!
have you thought about doing some video blogs?
I'm breaking out #hotdogs and chili from the freezer for dinner.
Persuade enough people that you are great, and you will in fact be great.
please yes- I got Amelia Earhart, and the Octomom- I need more ideas!
Proverbs 18:16 A man's gift majesty room for him, and bringeth him before great men.
for real! Like if they just gave me a test for like the whole semester I could pass it ha.
Today is #BLACsunday make sure to check out 's live stickam chat. STICKAM.COM/OFFICIALBLAC 2 PM pst, 5 PM est.
tonight we dance... lookin forward to that
Installed iOS 5 on my phone last night without backing up my apps and now, all of my games have completely reset!!! I need an angrier font!
Thanks, Noah, we got the word out.
It's not about how many times you tell someone that you love them, its about how many times you prove that you do
The Republican Women's Candidate Forum is nearly underway at El Paso County GOP HQ. People here are ready for answers.
At the #VISAWUS conference with one
Today is our earliest school show on our school tour yet...already here! Haha oh man.
keeping up w/the times, do you know what a Mockingjay is :-) Hint: Hunger Games wkend! lol
the airport ??? Omg Wut I thought they were driving ah can u tell me anything Please haha
I just want to, smoke a blunt, fuck my boyfriend, smoke another blunt, and go to sleep.
I went from having one niece to, two nephews & a niece this yr. My pockets bout to be thin.
Eli is hitting his prime run right now, I say get him a sick No.1 WR, aka Calvin Johnson type, to line up with Nicks and Cruz. Add TE, done!
He'll be back around. They always come back. :) Did you get results to that contest? Been M.I.A. for a while here
though honestly, no one is going to come after you if you use something more informal, like just Rutgers University, SCJ '14
#FF my blog contributors Keep those awesome posts/reviews coming guys! :D
Thanks for telling me I now follow him
lol true. most people just say I look like my dad and thats it
lol not gonna happy celtics not sweeping dem so u owe me 50 ur cable gettin cut off bro
Important message for #Baltimore bar cooks: do not microwave crabby tots!! :(
Just shot with a cast of 22 actors, in a bar & in the rain, for 14 hours, in 5 inch heels and jeggings. That's what I call a good time!
Enjoying a beautiful, crisp winter day in the Heartland! It is sunny, breezy and the view from my window is like a winter postcard!
Lundquist is on fire.
You're 3-D HD, as I'm sure your husband can strongly attest.
Just finished at the driving range I forgot how good I was at golfing
Nick Joe Rahall tells #GOP doesn't know meaning of compromise and are erroding the middle class.
Researching spiders today. Should you do the same, don't allow your dog to rest at your feet where he might accidentally brush against you.
Woke up to the sound of burps and the smell of eggs... 426 pride!
the sad thing is I'm still at home eating. I'm about to leave I swear haha
Happy B day papa! Hope you've been well!
#MyToDoList 1.Make spaceship out of pudding. 2.Achieve fame. 3.Fly to space. 4. Eat pudding ship when time to die.
para, para, paradise every time she closed her eyes. 
I Wish Money Would Have Sex N My Pocket N Multiply $$$
get pushed off a cliff, hit sharp rocks, and stop breathing slowly.
I agree great job, I am jealous...I can't do that
And a BIG shout-out to the clever and talented folks in the UK for the #ff. Everyone go check them out, please.
Sure. I'll get 9 people to confirm (that's $10 a pop) and then I'll lock it down. :)
nope, I think it probably didn't resonate as funny elsewhere in the US as it did to us
Tranzit guys are killing it and the crowd energy is epic here!!! Get ready for Chicago
Yes, multiple different consoles. No love on any different consoles.
thx bro. Have a great weekend. Preseason baseball tomorrow. Lovin it.
Aha , he thinks he's gonna get it ; like no nigga !
Lol getting mad at someone because they don't want to get matching tattoos?! People are crazy
u still talking about Target parking lot guy?!?!
bookings begin on Thurs. I recommend booking asap,rates may increase after released the 1st day. Let me know if u want a quote
Ah its soo nice outside! 
This is my Spotify quandary. Downloaded, but haven't used it yet.
Gettin a cat-scan for valentine's day! Woo-hoo!
Sunny Street Cafe in the Arena is your lunchtime destination today! Come in and show your server your employee ID & get 15% off your lunch!
Well put. My exact sentiments.
Chapel Hill 2010. Here we go!
Thank you for your insights tonight on
June 8th, so there's plenty of time to plan. I was thinking of Newport, due to the proximity of Hofbrau Haus (and also my haus).
So nervous 4 #BELIEVE tour tickets so scared what if he Doesn't come 2 sheffield? Or what if the tickets run out quickly! Omg need 2 calm<3
Rip Brittany Murphy
things are planned out really well
My g/f has been a huge fan of yours.We went to the PDX show some time back and she couldn't get yur autograph.Any way to get 1?
pictures of the party will be posted soon. great things ahead!
I've changed, and nothing with be the same. Everything is different in my eyes. This time I'm crossing the line.
#imsorry #ireallllllydidntwantto ... I switched with Rohn too so I work thursday now.
Going to phils game to hopefully get last min tickets !!!
Agh. I got my Jay Shaw Kill List on ebay for only $20 more than the sale price. Got lucky
- my One Touch Ultra is so expensive even w/insurance - as expensive as insulin :-( take care :-)
i did no such thing
...a different band or could find a jam session...something like that. Lots of options...
Always a pleasure! ": Restaurant week! & put some deliciousness in my belly!"
RT : We are so diggin' your girl modern aesthetic. LOVE! LOVE!
Think about social as the key platform for new product launches-Paul Dunay, Avaya
What's your favorite band/artist right now? Anyone I should be watching?
Got out the rain, time for some more motorpacing
theres a reason why i normally dont go on twitter with the girl sitting on my RIGHT.
congrats on all your happenings!! Office looks FAB!!
91 followers! Keep it up!!!!!!!! Thank you all! :)
That's not a good sign. Pick it up boys! RT I would be tweeting more but all my time is being spent looking for balls right now.
Yes I agree-the more your around it the faster you pick it up.
i might pay just to avoid the :30 ads for shitty new hip hop in between listening to stuff like wings and tom petty
shhhhhh, I am trying to change the world over here
Cool ...Happy Easter :)
I had hoped to go, but was wait listed :(
it's all in a days work
Gotta see the lakers lose tonight! sorry to my Cali followers!
I'm convinced I have allergies now. .-. :c
OK, I'm hiring for a Data Analyst in Boston. Email or DM me if interested
Gearing up for CES! Bought myself some good walking shoes over holiday break, now, I'm ready
Sometimes I whisper a quick note of thanks to god when i find chapstick in my coat pocket
Saltwater is my favorite, but there are days when I miss Lake Texoma...
Wish I had some canes instead of this turkey sandwich and rice lol!! 
Thanks for following;-)
Do you know how many gift cards I'd have to purchase if Mothers Day was everyday?!?!?!?! 365.
Its Hella Old (x
MY NAME IS LEYLA! ;D Hehee(;
i have t say I miss Mike Ross :/ <3
Lol......was the weave looking right? If so, that was me lmao
lol i know.
Bothers me when I see kids that don't understand common courtesy act up uncorrected in front of their parents. You know where they get it
excellent. yes, i loved it. and that old one is loads of fun to watch.
I got mad shit with me today!
Paul George I love you
Your Welcome c:
Do antibiotics in animals hurt humans?
congrats on your big break in the journalism world!
We represent Competitor Group for their NFL marathon initiative. Would love 2 talk 2 u about it. Sent couple of emails to ur gmail
have no clue but i hear thunderstormz...
lol, nah. Im coming . I think
Yeah, weird...haha
Finally new Thank you !
"An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities." -Yogi Tea
yeah well we still have #2, that's good enough for me.
the people or the place lol?
I smell like Wingstop now -___-
Banaji thinks our open society for immigration is what will keep US ahead! India And China don't do this. How we teach about us-them is key.
Blue Star Mothers of America Western KY Ch 7 Yard Sale Saturday and Pampered Chef Catalog sale. Good works for a good cause!
when you coming back!? The brotherhood wants to know!
hey tweetheart...u r always in my prayers and hugs to Whits two soldiers. U r doing the right thing..silence is golden!
hell yea it is <3
thankyou anna. means a lot
have a happy one!
You should follow to learn about her life as a poker widow and mom of 2
Come on buckeyes
Pitbull performing now!!! Yeeee o!!!! Dale
Abdul-Bah is having dinner at the home of Alice Barney-Hemmick and her daughter, Laura Dreyfus-Barney.
I just finished the 4th season of #TheBigBangTheory and can't wait for what's next!
DAMN STRAIGHT haha
you're welcome. Great presentation. You just reinforced a large chunk of my 2012 intiatives for
SATURDAY 10/30: Taboo's "Dead Sexy" Halloween Party & Fashion Show w/ Microjoy, Four 50 Four, Pedals on our Pirate Ships! DOORS @ 8pm! (+18)
Its mani/pedi Monday for this girl. What color should I choose?!
I'm feeling _______ this morning. Do tell ;)
No GetGlue for this movie title: I'm watching "Of Dolls and Murder."
Vitalcheck notified me today that the application I sent 2wks ago is ready for review. I'm already back from my trip. :-(
New Episode of The Virtual Zone coming up!
30/30 is back on again 7:30 cst..ESPNU. A year running ....thanks Espn and Jon Hock
Why doesn't the location of Trader Joe's show up on 
Nothing says love like poaching lobsters with your never-to-be-fiance.
I'd forgotten the joys of being a six footer on a commuter plane. We haven't left yet & I'm ready to exit. Are we there yet?
Hopefully I've shown you the way.
I may be too late for the #FNCwordwar by now, m'dear. But enjoy your retreat evening! :)
It's the NYC spiral: so much pleasure, so much debt.
I need new people to talk too..
Sale-Leasebacks: Corporations Squeeze Capital out of Real Estate - Area Development Online
Waiting for maaahhh Pete's Fish N CHIPS !
I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game.
No sleep till.....
Im from san Antonio now living in Denver. Spurs Nuggets tonight GO SPURS GO
haha no problem. It was a good one!
#ThingsWeNeedToChange #Obama and Economic dependency on gas
I am ready for some
: : Mosquitos are more attracted to people who have recently drank beer. sucks for me :(
Mine is lonely too, I only have 1 Like and it's me!
And to you as well!! : Happy TGIF
doing nothing
I figured. Been there done that.
Don't give up on my Phillies, Jorge.
so excited to anounce that i have a huge chance of launching one of my dreams next school year :)
Thanking God for all his blessings <3
#ANADucks aren't playing with enough intensity. Let's ramp it up boys
Looking for a person to host a new Pet Adoption Show in San Diego. Message me if interested.
And fuck all you pretend basketball fans that just bought shirts of "your team" a week ago. You should all kill yourselves.
Senate Tax Chair J. Ortman launches #Vikes hearing with "ordinarily not good policy to do tax break that benefits only 1 company"
#High Money The Mixtape!!!
i remember nites i aint remember nites...damn.. dats just how i chose to role my dice..was on some ova shit a nigga had to pay da price..
Theres also a startup named that does that!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
That would be us. MT : Today, a historic house I did a blog about featured my posting on their Facebook page....
Every day the #VintageReggaeWinterFest draws nearer and nearer! Mark down February 19th on your event calendar
just a stressful day! :/ feeling Better though
2011.10.09 #Brewers #postseason | Blazing hot sun / rally towel makes fine headgear / section 440
Hahaha, America demands them!
I wish I could hug you. God loves you, and I love you.
I've spackled! Let the painting begin!!! New color = new energy!
Ahh Hump Day!!! 2 more days well actually, I'm working Komen, Race for a cure so Gotta work 2 jobs Friday & Saturday too.
Really need a furry animal in my life, but lease doesn't allow it. And no, gluing fur to a turtle shell won't do it for me.
rapping #Othello on My only objection is that Shakespeare already IS kind of hip-hop.
I've done it maybe twice in my life.
Duke vs Carolina tonight def the best rivals in college hoops!
#thatawkwardmoment when your chem teacher tells you your shorts are too short and makes you go change into jeans
Do people still like, traditional vocal Jazz?
Christian Ishizaki will have his first evaluation for the 2012-2013 season, starting tomorrow night at WSC Skating Rink.
Xbox 360 ELITE and a Lifetime Traffic Edition TomTom GPS TONIGHT!!!
Did Taylor Swift just hug the seat filler when going up to get her #CMA award?
i think so coach bokar made it seem that way but idk for sure.
I always make a point to put seat and lid both down. If I have to lift it damn it, then so does she!
irv comin from a bulls fan who is already fishing, imma be real, you guys are going fishing real soon
"Do librarians act as censors?" paper due this weekend. Getting my thoughts in order... Opinions?
Nice to you meet you :)
I'm almost there!!
Happy Easter!!
MOBOTIX Enhances Product Portfolio with New Cameras, Accessories - MarketWatch (press release)
Sitting with handsome editing Body Scapes video! is such a smart cookie. just shines with beauty.
Thanks, Ted. Somehow I knew that already :-) Be in LA next week for TCM Film Fest. Let's find a time to meet.
We already know #TDCJ prisoners cant talk to international family. #Texas hates cell & VOIP family too apparently... And the 21st century...
- Jeannie in I Dream of Jeannie was from Baghdad. Totally reminiscent of the flying sequence of Extraordinary Girl!
Always stay happy everyday :-)
The heat has been turned on in my building. I'm boiling. Fans on, windows wide open. C'mon people, it's not cold enough yet.
What's a vampire's favorite dance? The Fang Tango.
Make a difference after graduation. Attend the info session Monday (2/13) from 5-6pm in McKinley 155
Star Trek Tri-Dimensional Chess Set by the Franklin Mintcollectible- star trek chess sets
Damnn I missed it !
Somebodys paying somebody off to hurt basketball players. The carnage started with rose then noah now baron davis. Lmfao dead ass
plans for champagne party in the CRC are in the works as I speak
I feel as if I'm missing something funny
#TEAMVIRGO ALL DAY EVERYDAY
u still going later
haha that sounds like a plan! Maybe prince charming will meet me there too ;)
Will not be attending niagra falls tourney. Wish I could make it. We had an emergency situation arise
Thank you so much!!!! xx
Did you see the last 5 4 quarters for LeBron? Yeah he averaged about 10 per 4th.
Celebrate the holidays w/ Kona Pipeline Porter. A true face-ripper.
Tonight is the first BUILD class in the new class room!
Uhmm, you are at a BAND BANQUET!! Why the hell do you look like a whore!? psh,
Because only public tv/radio does actual history broadcasting, that's why. And why so important to protect.
whoa... What's next?
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Venting is good. Stay up
riding boots on sale in both stores and on line jcwesternwear.com
"Take Ten" is a go! We may be bringing on one more director. Life is about to get really busy!!!
So I thought I would take vacation only to find business picking up. Mo money mo money mo money
I know <3 he really is a good guy
Supercool ! Happy belated Mother's Day !
Spring is finally here!! What are your favorite warm weather activities in #Tucson??
A thug changes, and love changes, and best friends become strangers.
Just tapped, 120 Min Imperial IPA (Limit 1 $3 Schooner only, NO GROWLER FILL on 120) let's spread the love
Shaking or trembling is a common physical symptom of #socialanxiety disorder. It's a result of the fight-or-flight response.
I had a short stay at recently.I've been hospitalized a few times in Major Cities - this was my very BEST experience ever T/Y!
Yo Cleveland you are about to wake up to everything all white. The opposite of what this weekend is suppose to be about
could quite happily spend the rest of the day in the bath.
What would you do with $647 million?
- Unbelievable show tonight at Winter Jam! Wow!!! There is no doubt God absolutely loves head banging worship!! Armor Up!!!
Damn I forgot something really important 
okay, let's do something.
bye bye twitter
Good morning! Nebraska loves you :) #1DtoOmaha check it out!
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
Feedback about my new wallet from my left butt cheek is not positive.
Power Rangers!! Hells yea!!
no, I got it. I chose to ignore it because I'm nice like that lol
Thank you! Whew!
Welcome B., Trina W, Wendy P, and Cherly M. Thanks for the Like.
We'll be processing applications for the next few days for #THATCamp Bay Area...
Gmail down????? What the hell?
Just got back from filming downtown. So many leprechauns.
Class went by sup a fast this today. And this week already flying by
Yayy!! Justin has a twitter now
I need that follow back llab
Of course loses her phone in the mall
I been getting ignored all day & I'm not liking the shit at all !!!!
do yk how much it is?
so old! First album!
#JDaddyFact Justin Says when a Girl is sad that they should listen to His music Because it'll be good for there heart . :)
Hey! Thanks for the info! I know we don't have 742 this week - but Sue & I have 640 tonight! :)
Sausage gravy >
Disco lives on : Rest In Peace Donna Summer 
For not really liking apples, I could eat Jazz apples all day long. Yum!
Tonight is the night my fellow Skeleton's~! #RSA Imagineers- Scotland Episodes! I cannot wait.#GrabYourSpottedDickAndLet'sGo~!
I dream of getting that kind of time off. You'd have to plan the illness in the right country though.
That's fucking awesome! And, yeah, you're kid would go apeshit for this movie.
Teal's strength is running forward right past people. Why wouldn't you keep him wide to do just that? CJ can hold it up and play teal in...
London for 3 hours
Batman is epic :D
My background is a picture of some students from my elementary school. I will always love that place...
so sad. U dont follow mee crying
He said he was giving his son a bath.
If u r a girl and u walk around campus in a suit u will be hit on by old men
Hey my mood went from good to bad in 3 seconds. Cool.
Nice to meet you!
that will be my drink of choice this weekend since we are going to BG.
Im not afraid to take a stand Everybody come take my hand Well walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm....
That does look cool!
So I'm Guessin Ur A Detective Now Mom.
Cabby K's another Red Wolf. 2 down. bases still loaded
dude we need to have a Mets fan bbq at your home lol...you be the cook haha.
calm down bro, the "its a small world ride" will start again soon...
yep, we're adding a link there. thanks for the suggestion
The Silk Tie likes Peter! Ex corporate employee here, we all need ites, thesilktie.com
Im sorry but i tired of everything. If your just gunna sit there and ignore me and talk shit you can go die in a hole.
welcome to Twitter.
I'm the girl to take things slow. I don't kiss or say "I love you" in the first week because I actually want my relationship to last.
Congrats! What will you be doing there? RT : Thank you! I start next Wednesday :)
I haven't done it on mine yet
Not saying Mike Gonzalez has had two good years here, just wouldn't automatically rule-out bringing him back. Right player, right price, Oz?
Any tournaments coming up at Ballard? Best thing in Ballard 2011 was your arrival
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of that. just tell me how it is from the beginning.
New on Tap for the Weekend - Ayinger Oktoberfest, New Blegium Le Terroir, Poperings Hommel Ale and 't Gaverhopke Singing Blond. Try some!!
im a brown cow
bored as crap aint got nun too doo wtf life can be lame
Th lure of the distant and difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. John Burroughs
Tryin to stay focused and work from home doesn't work for me.
I'm a loving, compassionate, and patient person by nature but im also strong minded and far from a push over.
Mcdonald's is red, Facebook is blue, I write some sick songs so how about you follow me too?
no problem :)
Silence is a true friend who never betrays. ~ Confucius
thanks likewise sure ;)
#aam2011 #aam2011virtually Didactic! Take a shot!
NO WAY! this EXISTS!??
Breaking News: Ryan Raburn may miss tonights game suffering with tendinitis in his left arm from swinging & missing frequently
Can't wait for Friday's episode! I hear you're the recipient of the Christmas visitor...
One falsehood spoils a thousand truths...Ashanti Proverb
DARE YOU! RT : I had a burrito for breakfast. Dare I have one for lunch? Dare I?
's voice is one of the most amazing things ever. my favourite :)
The #Badgers are a little rough to watch, no? Almost makes me second-guess taking off the first two days of the NCAA tourney. Almost.
That moment when you realize is following you <3 I feel special!
you should have given me a shot at your lungs. :)
We will pay lots of money to watch someone work in their "unique ability area" because it inspires us to see greatness in action.
Thank you for an amazing journey (can't just call it "meal") today! Thank Larry & Guillem, entire team, as well :) impeccable
: always cheers me up. Be safe in Dallas, buddy. Be safe in El Salvador!
your opening keynote was inspiring. Thanks again for everything you've done for the MySQL community.
the specific, cathartic way we beat the Yankees in 2004 is the only reason I think fans don't care anymore.
play-acting just as bad as fouling. Player's union should be the one's driving this not FA & not refs.
No next week gonna be cold lol
Michael. Buble in a leather suit...... .I remain naseous
Where have your culo been ?
I still have a blackberry :( but I'm gonna upgrade to the Android bc it's the real shit.
Ugh. That was awkward I hate my timing.
Camille went into labor this morning. the baby is on the way. it's a girl.
Today I saw some guy watering the sidewalk on 2nd Ave. MLINY
flawless. How's it working for you? Are you dieting with that?
it's Kobe time though.
I LOVE the special things you send me ;-) FYI I'm your balla lil lady :-)
Going to lunch with my priest. This could be awkward...
does this mean we can perform together in ninja masks? Cuz I'm down for that too...
Ur my hero(: all ur song come from the heart an thats why i love u(: Im ur #1 fan(: i hope u get the chance to read this(:<3
I ain't even gone lie .. I'm a pissed off Miami Heat fan! #ImDead !
Looking forward to 1st in new office space, a short two blocks from court
This bitch is annoying!
Can anyone recommend a good (preferably free) software program to recover an Outlook PST file?
Found my Dalek bubble bath. With all the hassle in the move, I was worried I'd be without it. Scary thought. It's cool though. No worries.
looking forward to seeing your presentation!!
#Badgers win 79-71! First win in the #B1GTourney since 2008. It's Wisconsin, Michigan State tomorrow. We'll have live coverage at 11 am ct
Gotta see what the krew talkin bout...
Off to the Paoluse on a roadtrip with 2 models and a creative....
Austin I'm Your Biggest Fan In The World Please Follow Me<3
Where's my baby, ?
I just biked to school and was totally ON TIME! Take that petroleum based automotive infrastructure!
I'd die, totally, well maybe wet my panties in excitement
Oh I saw it! It has to go on the wall of fame. HILARIOUS!
I just want to get money and stay true to my peoples....
congratulations to our friend who made it through the sxsw battle of the bands last friday! (: we love you!
Dancing, sampling, smelling the flowers but not taking the TIME to develop a system that leads to successful investing????? Success = system
Whats good ? When are yall gettin back to NY?
: almost #5Minutes until the #BOYFRIENDvideo premieres - get ready LEGGO
i bet is laughing and smiling like a little baby looking at the trends
he's sitting next to me and I feel inadequate
Another #blessed day is here
I've missed you too, my dear! I've been swamped at work so I don't get to Tweet as much as I'd like. Blessings, dear one.
rite on! I'll deff check it out. I love photography. I Do some wicked PhotoShop work here n there... Keep in touch :-)
RT : Thursday will be our #mediachat guest on the topic of "Brand Loyalty". Starts at 10pm EST.
wait Thunder? lmfao, he calls everyone nephew.
so this whole thing is a real posibility? I'd LOVE to see you w/ Lebron
": just killed his verse #StarGang" Always!!! Good stuff you guys getting together ...Pissah!!
It's funny because it's not true at all
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one
idk I needed something new so I added some dots to make it look cool
A D.C. police officer protected her boyfriend while he packaged crack and heroin on the kitchen table of the couple's District Heights home
our album " Better Than Bad " will be available on itunes. release date coming soon. no lables. no contracts. releasing it ourselves. DIY.
lmao cold blooded (rick james voice)
Weekend getaway with my girls! Missing my man already
Last day of vacation...back to work tomorrow...fml
Ok people, it's cold, slow down on the road a little so we all don't have to stop!
What's the BEST breakfast spot/diner in Brooklyn??
Don C. knows TP. Ruth W. makes a good point. Rob's son is well-behaved.
We're the Team You Can Trust! Follow on Twitter or like us on Facebook (News 8 WROC Rochester)!
i can't wait for summer, so i can forget about this horrible year i've just had .
Inside GO! Featured local residents, writers, etc. Ready...Set...GO! Who's interested? :)
From #Entourage! Please just go watch it and thank me later.
I'll follow you!
Lawyers are predators in grey worsted.
Thanks so much!
I hate hearing "Congratulations you won!" when going on a website. It totally ruins the song I'm listening to.
It was horrible.
no but me correcting your spelling makes me conceited lol.
im so down! Girls night!!
Hey look they all use a Mac, on a desk, exciting! Oh that guy has 2 bloody Macs. Wow!
We run a cyber-promotion company.
pretty awesome, congratulations on your 6 year aniversario!
So sorry to miss meeting you and learning with you today at Region X!
Awww thank you! that means a lot! When have you seen us?
The right hand don't always gotta kno wat the left hands doin
It Wont Be Soon Before Long is my favourite Maroon 5 album, although its not their best work, I still love it
My strategy? Walk behind tall people
Pierce Brosnan iceberg para-surfing on a tidal wave. Forgot how much I love James Bond Movies. LOL
I hope you are doing great. :-)
Squirting isn't great either, but better than oozing. I always associate moist with sweat/other personal liquids
Mr. Tripodi said that twitter for teenagers is just a public way to text people #soright #lol 
I have four days off from serving, so excited to put A LOT more time in for FOUR14 stuff :)
Sharepoint portal panel: looking for lessons learned. LMS integration? 3 Datatel campuses presenting
hey there how u been long time no chat whats new with you
Ever wonder what ass taste like? Try drinkn a fruit punch powerade rite after u brush teeth while smokn a cancer stick. I wouldnt know but..
Marvin Gaye &' Chardonnay :-)
I support my hometown teams regardless. I'm a Fan, not a bandwagon jumper.
send your email address!
my 2 year old nephew just rang bell 33 times. He must of sensed Hamilton crushing ball for number 18.
Music is my life <3
Oh just at cheer pratice!:)
Houston, I think we got a problem! that song is stuck in my head!
might have messed up ... but remember everyone makes mistakes...but atleast they kept it going.
was the mole inflamed?
Getting 5 miles in before work this morning. But on a treadmill. It's cold in WI!
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
I just wanna do you in the paint. I wanna make love to you in the place. Rollin around in the mess we made. (;
Got evacuated from school today for a 5.8 earthquake, best 2nd day of school ever!
good night everyone. i feel like i'm going to get sick.
Rick Santorum travels dead worlds through the dreams of tortured souls living in the ninth hell.
Really John Mayer.... You went from blues to country....
Flood control..Sandless sandbags-Simple,quick,convenient,portable and biodegradable..Uses a natural Jute bag and a water absorbing resin
ima make it one day WATCH ME BITCH!.
When in doubt, mumble.
oh hell yeah ! Hahaha
Paul Revere was one of the first neighborhood watch members, he says.
Your mom rules. =)
Great news about the treasure hunt feedback! If only I could have been there. Always next year, right? :)
so i have like no ride to school in the AM!
No, the abuse/auditions/Puck's exam episode. Songs and plots are just the worst.
Yes, I think so as well. Keep on.
iPad typing is absolutely feasible. I'm up to around 65 words per minute on mine.
Shoutout Thanks for sharing our stuff! We appreciate it =)
You will have a talk with the attorney of quot Nakhtigalquot Eisenstein Associates into g Of portlend state of Oregon :-)
today tho>!. got a chance to see my babe.
I guess that's what I get for not staying with the Bucs game.
we cant wear pants tomorrow!! Mom said everybody has to dress nice for a communion
#teamhipster won't catch on because if it did I'd never use it.
I be Tumbln like a muthafucka
YWC : Many thanks for mentions & RTs!
is going to go on to have an amazing music career just like did when he got eliminated
I miss my Hickman friends
Playing a superb show with in Denver on Feb. 7th. We want an awesome cover song. Any suggestions?!?!
I hate texting as much as I hate phone calls. Leave me alone, world.
The panthers? I've never played them and just don't jinx it, but today I was ready to slap them.
you know what would help that shoulder pain? If you come up here and lick my butthole.
every time I see "something/something/bluegrass/something else" in a band's genre title I'm all "pshh"
Clean energy now
Got my flu shot today. Guess it's time for the weather to get colder.
And that's all folks.
Nice! I once upon a time told Will Lowe that I'd work on v2 of YoshiKoder. That never really happened.
Interesting fact - The USPS loses $25 million per day
Can't sleep. Fuck.
We had a great time meeting so many new couples today ...Never hurts spending a little time with too! Thanks for the coffee!
Mad Men and Hunger Games this week? The fanatic in me can't handle it.
you're impossible to find.
8 innings. 6 hits. Pitcher duels are like the cliff notes version of a baseball game.
Westbrook...quit shooting.
love the face in the pic
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :)
Watching some old videos of me doing Karate when i was like 10! LMAO
He saw my tweet and retweeted it, I didn't do anything.
eating ice cream.. :)
: With 1st NFL paycheck bought his mother a Tiffany necklace with a key on it b/c "she was the key to my success" sweet!
I've watch it already. It's pretty awesome.
So true.
Floridia born. Vegas rasised ALWAYS a Heat ALWAYS will be
fantastic! Great idea to come early
Yesterday's commerical shoot for Fusion...a SUCCESS...look for photos from the shoot on our fb page at www.facebook.com/creativevisionsmedia
Materialistic <<<<< Losing like a muthafucka
ESPN has turned this game into a joke with all the Twitter stuff!
Matt Flynn is playing his way into a nice contract next year. He should definitely be starting for someone
3 days to go for our big event.
Ceaselessly intrigued by the angles of the human face & how they always persist. Always change
don't forget he had DMAC... Take him away and half the receivers and it is more like 2-8
Just got my #Springsteen tickets for Sep. 7th at #Wrigley field.
Im pretty sure that gets told how hot he is like 5,000 times a day at least, but funny thing is, it's so true!
#nwpam11 someone told Deb Meier that she could have been a university professor--and they thought that was a compliment.
LOL, been there, done that. so embarassing :/
Yes there is: Deli dog House in Janesville WI.
? why does on chrome continually return "Sorry, that page doesn't exits" but no problem with on ? try it!
Gotta stop waking up in the middle of the night...
Don't forget to take you're turkey out of the freezer! Don't forget you're touch up and don't forget the base board's. Happy Thanks Giving!
aye, you got yours, back up and let us be happy.
That Awkward Moment When You Call Somebody & Start Talking........... Only 2 Realize Its The Voice Mail! LOL ((I Always Fall For It))
I want some chickfila for lunch today.
I wonder if I can legally change my name so that the s in sanders is a dollar sign. #$anders
lol I'm thinking it will be lots of fun
The awesome folks at set us up with a French press setup. It's fresh and tastes amazing!
Hit us up bro! We have to get you your Official #BallSoHard Gear!!!
awesome! No problem :)
Lets get drunk
S. Florida's Anthony Collins (Westbury Christian) off to a quick start against Notre Dame with 9 Pts. Watch now on ESPN.
Question: Is advertising in the YellowBook advantageous? Thoughts? Got pitched today. or is www.3cpdx.com + google/Y! good enough? =)
WALMART has been making donations to community groups and repeating the message that it will bring jobs & stimulate the local economy.
Mr. College Boy Store Clerk, you get brownie points for calling me "miss" instead of "ma'am".
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Zin makes awesome wine - great website too!
I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster.
Day 1, am I already fried.  yolo 
AYE that movie and Friday i crack up everytime lol": I know that movie word for word"
Wise ppl do not need gimmicks or strings attached to support worthy causes! Simply appeal to their intelligence w/knowledge!
I smell a worm, Reince, and it ain't of the female persuasion.
In a little more than 12 hours there will be a new trolley show for you.
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun.
Big weekend begins tonight. Here's to all of the #teamPSE rookies who have worked tirelessly to prepare for this moment.
the only thing that worries me is the credit check. I feel like I'm buying a car. I'm fine on my background.
thanks for the heads up
I guess I'll find out after the press conference and victory parade.
I may have to get on the bike and ride to the George Washington Bridge, it's so nice!
wow super down pour thunder and lightening...never had a soccer game called before..damn
A simply apology would have been nice but I guess that's too hard for people to do these days!
The Obama Levin McCain GULAG Bill (AKA the NDAA) self authorization to commit conspiracy against American constitution, punishable by law.
follow us on twitter
will do :)
Same! Me and were legit just talkin bout that like 30 minutes ago
I think I'm done contacting people who don't ever contact me. That also goes for flirting, and hanging out. Want me?
your supposed to be there for me right now but your just not going to talk to me.
you cast a spell on me
sorry I missed out on the B/T wine tasting event, heard it was great! Would love to meet you in the next few weeks before SXSW!
": another 45min day of cardio done (and abs)! Let's do it!" Huge Kevin! Awesome start to the day!
Thanks for the ultimate mix! Made the morning 6 miler a breeze!
"When I'm anxious it's because I'm living in the future. When I'm depressed it's because I'm living in the past." ~Unknown (via )
Singing the national anthem at the baseball game tonight a little before 7. Yay.
aww thanks man! Hopefully we can grow enough to go on tours with the bands we sponsor!
Come hang out w/ FITzee and lots of other great locals at on 5/10! We'll be at Bliss 101 in Encinitas from 6:30-9pm!
Hello, Howard! Thanks so much for the follow. Hope all is well. xox Helen
I Would Love For You To Follow Me :)
Many novices on the T with all these graduations. Tip: hold on asap bc you never know when the trolley will move!
Whoops! Brain is fried. Just fixed it; thanks for the find!
Hope everyone had a safe and happy St. Patty's day...personally, I should have got drunk...instead of playing poker
When everything is going right something has to come up. How i want to see the boyfriend
club bed with dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!!
Giants or Patriots?
RT Thanks for following! All the best!
Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!! Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!
Thanks for the follow Erin. We're also coffee addicts! Hope you're doing well.
The Silk Tie likes Rolling Stone!
I agree, but privatization makes schools more efficient not less effective.
FYI, I paired my Zagg Logitech iPad 2 keyboard with the iPad 3 and it works fine.
"Never drink milk from a coconut you have found in the dark"
I want some company!
I hear has been taken to the infield care center!
you've got the best of #magiccookie's love! Great job on your first dance of the season
haha well of you could see this  it means I'm super tired and I'm going to sleep lol goodnight bfranny
i officially have 3 phones. im cool
yoooo!!!! Like I wish you could see what the heck is going on over here lol.
we welcome you with open arms
Hey Guys! It's great to see some new followers! :) 
DON'T FORGET TO GET UR SNEAK PEEK TO THE MOST ANTICIPATED BOOK OF THE YEAR!!!!!!!! ONLY AT www.nickywooten.com
I laugh at the grief #MUBB is getting If I was on the team in college I would've been kicked off the team after orientation weekend
Yes i made it to 200 followers shout out to my 200th follower you rock. =D
well stand up then aha :D
I wish that girl would say everything she has to say about me to MY FACE. Pussy ass bxtch
Work ... my favorite place in the world
good joke
but even professionals mess up!
There is nothing like the feeling you get driving down the neighborhood you grew up in.
Bowling tomorrow with and others??? #YouGuysAboutIt?
welcome to Madtown
Happy mother's day!!!! Let's go Let's go
That makes today the B team. Braun, Hart and Lucroy are out.
If you want something bad enough, you will make it happen. Simple as that.
hahahaaha did you really?? that night was hysterical! we just rolled with it and ended up having an amazing time haha =)
Ello tweeters.... so bored right now I could b home right now being bad but no O gotta make this $$$ but I'm off 2morrow yay shor..
take a deep breath baby!
RT : The majority of Health Activists (& perhaps epatients) are women! MT : Progress anywhere?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all da mothers out there from UPC! Enjoy ya'll day!!
yeah then I fixed it haha
Please do people !
follow me back :)
"Fear is met and destroyed with courage."
looks like it.
UK has the game of the decade ahead of it & im sitting here wondering if we can pull off the unthinkable and get Nerlens @ Shabazz
:) thanks homie. How have you been?
I'm doing good! :) it's been forever since I've seen you!
Great! Glad it works.
Cuz im a lesbian . But its okay :) RT : why the face? lol
Uncharacteristically fidgety today. What the heck?
don't give up!
Robert Pinsky #WFUD12 telling terribly painful story of how it took 10 YEARS (!!) to get permission for video of teenager reading a poem
no matter how bad my depression is, im hoping can cheer me up. (:
I just need to wake up
MAD TIGER!!!
NP Always try to follow the supporters of Cleveland
A good healthy friendship is becoming very scarce among childhood friends now a days just like water is very scarce around the world.
Win prizes tonight, 9pm, from , , , at SEX TRIVIA!
We see tomorrow :)
I feel your (Aceves-induced) pain. :(
loves it when you rub elbows with celebrities....
At Bar 82 mystery Edgar week reading. Room packed and electrified for a thrilling evening
Thx & Frank Nguyen for a great #astd2012 session. Looking forward to using the tool & initiating dialogue about this.
Neither. I still think they have the tools to beat OKC. Kendrick injury helps them. Lakers have complacency problems
I agree with this Melia! Booty if you don't put yourself first they'll walk all over you. New year = foot down :)
Tiger will go into the weekend with the lead...
Hey, Follow Back ?
What are your favorite songs right now? We wanna know!
PISP TV IS FILMING LIVE AT THE RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR TODAY WITH
According to Cameron Diaz (interview on the Tonight Show, "Google makes Grandparents obsolete." What to you think?
No, I won't ever be enough
In America, more people trade kisses on Valentines Day than under the mistletoe on New Years Eve. skincarekrazy
agggh!!! I can't get into my lycos email account!!!!
if snowmen came to life that would be creppy,if santa calus snuck in my house that would be creepy. mwuahhahahahahamhahaha!! >:D
Stay true to yourself, believe in what you do and try to be the best.
Did you know that we can fully manage your PC's for FREE? doubters BEWARE, believers step forward and save money 512 354-1507
the internet :)
a lot in the last few days. I hope you're better now and I'm glad you're still here!!
Holy fuck. That was a great come back. Why didn't i think of that....
new song lighters remix
It's National Library Week! Stop by and leave a Post-It note on our board telling us why YOU belong at your library.
That really was a Hattori Hanzo sword!
What's for lunch today? Chalupa with Santa Fe black beans & rice, corn, salsa, cinnamon apple slices and milk.
RT Oh, did my back hurt your knife?
s/o
Were you the person connected to my iTunes library via Home Sharing today? Wondering because I have that Cee-Lo song as well.
I wonder what this summer has in store for me.
YOU SPAM EVERYONE. 
cuz apparently lots of people can't see them
bout to get ready and head to class
One day it will all make sense..
Lovin' listening to Andy Grammer. Makes me smile!
Tuning vocals today...
GUESS WHAT?:D
Great to be an #Orioles fan today
Short Love Quotes including TIME:
Come on down tonight to the Alchemy Cafe, Madison, WI. Live, sweaty, Afro-pop w/ Kikeh Mato starts at 10pm -- Free!
My breaks don't work. There will be no slowing down. : slow down, love, ya killin' em (c) notorious b.i.g.
- well said.
I don't have much experience with white papers. Do they normally read like a term paper from someone who skips class and owns a thesaurus?
Currently airing on the Independent Film Channel: Malcolm in the Middle.
lol...best joke all week!
Follow us! Maybe, you'll get a message that we would want you to have some of our clothing collection & a photoshoot!
My pleasure!
for everyone that has just started following me for some reason twitter want let me follow back as soon as i can i will.. thanks
lol I know :(
guyz iv got 420 followers and i need 30 more to get to 450!!! plz follow ill follow u bck and ill mention u!!! plzzz
#ExpertVisibilityTip: To grow your visibility, you have to expand your own bandwidth. Delegate! Focus on what ONLY you can do.
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. Vista Kelly
follow she follows back!
www.pirateradioportland.com on LIVE right now until Midnight pacific time. Play punk drunk-with and
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Quick! Find the nearest bar! RT I'm in need of a timeout stat! Lol
Today is a loaded day in sports. NHL, NBA, MMA and the Kentucky Derby. Be sure to check out the feed for great sports talk!
Lets go Dallas make this a real series.
Hope u have a chance to check out & dig you some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
Ohh looks fab in that red dress! #TheVoice SO dramatic! Love it!
#dropbox wiki thanks - on ubuntu, tomboy notes are nice: can edit and synch w/one.ubuntu.com - says works on mac /win
Read to do my first set of Acrylic Nails! 
Either that or Domo as "Young Gunshot".
UHG - Need to see it! Have been wanting to see it forever now!
Wait, how do I get a checkmark?
thank you guys so much for your continued support!
how much should APIs be designed for non-programmers?
About 5 hours till caps rangers game 7,
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our June 13-15 Annual Users Conference!
Oppenents hitting .150 vs starters in that stretch MT : #Brewers starting pitchers have 6 straight quality starts 1.62 ERA
love meeting with my brian trust
": I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER! ....LOL jk, I dance like a retarded penguin..."
8/14 days left :D graduation/anniversary :)
You own a machine. Each time it breaks, there stands a technician wearing one wooden shoe begging for your current technician's job.
Its kinda sad when your"bestfriend"would choose smoking over hanging out with you when you had plans with them. I'm seriously sick of people
Its all ok im getting new guitar strings....hahaha:) i crack myself up!!!
Goodnight tweet hearts<3
Got to stay home from school today, but I am restricted from all physical activity for a month:/
Pancakes acquired. Now for more coffee and some work!
thanks for the link!
A what everybody geting on tonite
happy #Wellingversary <3 meetin u guys was so fun and i cant wait till this summer ! #3month :) love u all!
Oh boy. Can't wait.
via Abraham Seed "Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired."
I see right through that BS. You're done.
nice. basketball isn't much safer our company had a tournament which ended with a very similar result. Love the twit giveaway!
feel better soon! I hope it's nothing to bad, love ya and miss you!
Nothing makes the brewhouse smell better than a big 'ol nasty Imperial IPA.
wait who's gonna be PUNKD tonight?
I get that otherwise tho seems silly, i tip cleaning people often n casinos they don't get it much but should they get 4gotten
Someone's off their meds. Your mentally out of your league. The only tyrants are the GOP. How much you hate freedom shows.
#Donohue, Angels of Destruction. Is there any hole in the world like a lost child? Sorrow, yearning, faith. Well worth the book club reread.
my dogs give me the most judgmental look when I blow my nose. fern actually barks at me... like I can help it.
The airport is a people watchers
k. Done
Just another day in paradise man! Yeah wish I could've had a sweet pad like that growing up.
had a place set for for Easter but of course she didn't show
any suggestions for introducing and teaching Tone to 11th graders?
great to see you there!
I have never said I can't do something. Have you? What your really saying is you won't. Instead say I can
I think it's time for
900th tweet; dedicated to you'll be 15 tomorrow (11/11/11) and you're going through some tough stuff, it's ok I love you! :)
Happy Birthday! Don't do anything that wouldn't do...
#artsed #nyapd #f2fconf pd for arts educators should have expertise coming from the educators and be engaging and fun
super great pic!
A grown adult man calling out of work due to #allergies is simply unacceptable with all solutions for this on the market.
now they are highlighting a Madonna death threat! Click click bang.
The Chicago Manual of Style. Excellent for those hard to manage bibliographies.
A dream without a goal is just a wish. Bill Cole. Write down goals. Use a pencil. Physically crossing out accomplishments is a great reward
Dude, I didn't get a chance 2 make it downstairs to say hello to you guys. You KILLED it last night! RT : jada...
Last night must have been that awesome
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that cares about him, more them myself, when ever he needs me, I'll be here
Thanks for the support!!
Congrats Colin!! RT : Excited to say I'll soon be joining Team , though I'll miss the awesome folks at !
RT : A2b: The easiest most cost-effective approach is to develop a mobile-friendly website, in CSS, with small screens...
Elliott doing the usually get up and meet someone icebreaker.
real shit we all happy for the same reason
Line-up changes to note - Morrisonn and Ryan back from injury. Rankin out for the night. Biega out serving a 1 game suspension.
Hey I just met you and your ugly, so here my roommates number call him daily
Which is worse for the environment, eating from "dead tree" paper plates, or ceramic/glass/china plates, which are cleaned using detergents?
my sister just called me a creature..
when did you do something for the first time last?
CheckMate Bitch
hahaha. YES. (...and being so sad when it wasn't)
I need a girl in my life
I haven't watched any football this season.
#SmackDown Time to play the game.
I like the phrase "nothing to sneeze at" because it implies that some things are worth sneezing directly AT and I want to watch that happen.
Writing a preservation plan for Shepherd Park. Fascinating, absorbing, but I need to break for the night. Getting bleary-eyed!
I thought you wanted the sausage link? it will be the same kind of train.
Fuck. This is just great :'/
Judge Alex ain't playing!!!!
#JoeyDiamondFact joeys goal is to be a positive role model for young teenagers... does that explain the Joey Diamond speaks?
We hope you have a wonderful weekend!
Oh no... they were from a really negative period in life/teaching. Don't need to go back there. Need fresh, positive start.
It's sort of annoying just how good is. Especially for people who can't find their shoe size in any store.
OHMYGOD NEITHER DID I AM TOO EXCITED!
Back to my natural hair color! It's like a golden brown color!
can you dm me where to submit beats at for you
That moment when you sing a really fast rap part of a song!
Although, I admit I've been more interested in QR codes since the #LCSN meeting. Have been reading up on their uses & stats.
FREAKY.....love you with our without spirits around you.
: #ThatOneFriend you can talk about anything with.
This aria is almost connected together ... there is a light at the end of the tunnel ...
Canon U.S.A. Introduces EOS-1D C Digital SLR Camera Featuring 4K High ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Make your New Year a Prosperous Year.
So - see you around 5? The weather seems to be temporarily cooperating.
yes we have a table. It pays to have a vixen who works here
there is a cover though because of the fight
is the truth bruh!! But how is that my moment lol?
Feliz Da de San Patricio! What are your favorite green things at the Inn? Margaritas? Guac? Cilantro Pesto?
Yup Yup
Anytime Remember The Titans is on I feel obligated to watch it
no need to get mad lol
it also tells it all wrong sometimes be careful
"It's more fun in the Philippines" than in China! LOL
RT : helps fight human trafficking in California, please share with others and endorse
when r u going to know for sure
Shout out to ! Everyone go follow her!! :)
Just realized where I've seen Ron Paul before...as Ralph Fiennes's dad in "Quiz Show."
Happy Palm Sunday, Communion, & April Fools Day!
It is disrespectful and karmically binding to use our voice in a way that takes people's power away.
We just had lunch at Pizza Fusion. And oh my god, that's the best Pizza I've eaten my life. The pizza was organic. Organic is the way.
Schmarbage indeed. Alison, your inane humor always "cracks me out!" (in the words of a very-trying ESL friend of mine).
Umm the first time I've ever wanted to be on #TheBachelor wasn't cause of the romantic dates but those hookers got to swim w/sharks! Jealous
I'm giving thanks that my daughter comes home in 5 hours and 22 minutes...yes, I'm counting!
Looking forward to seeing #Photoshop guru with tonight!
I was so confused...
for those local, we are filming this sun apr 29 in kendallville. if u wanted to be in my video, plz email me
holy mother, Lauren. Those look AMAZING!
Hey and when is your wedding and where are you tying the knot?
{ my b-day was the 17th of august..
why have you withheld this information from me.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JUSTIN
Shawn is in the finals tomorrow. Do u have any time this afternoon to hit with him? It helped him alot last time!
Call Jordan's furniture! I think David Ortiz just hit the Monster Hit Sign. Free Furniture for everybody and the Sox win:)
kids have strong bones n metabolism for these sort of things....aye cant u call her school n tell her to get on the bus
 If I kiss you in public than you mean something !
Maybe if thy'd put pictures of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
hey, how's everything sorry I missed your birthday! Happy late birthday!
I'm cravin a "date shake" bad. Muchos grande.
Dairy  follows me on twitter lol
Something about you makes me smile
First night of #passover, when we have a long dinner to recall the ancient story about leaving #Egypt for
The 2012 Rickshaw season is sure to be an exciting one! Some big plans ahead!
excited to read about your multigenre papers! (& for the record, I am a fan of darker lit, myself!)
I'm going to see Bodies tomorrow. Anyone know of any deals / coupons???
Headed back to BFE. Been in Lex today...shopping.
I love you...so much
happy mothers day to all the great moms and to those in that special place,god loves you...
what happened? :(
aww thanks for compliment :)
Do you know the status of the person who was in the water near the Key Bridge? Can't get through to PIO...
Now the question is what am I going to wear..
would love to work with you! Please email me at and check out our website! Great meeting you at nourished
Yes, absolutely. I had Goodreads open while watching, marking down suggestions. And I liked his emphasis on consistency. True!
The meaning of life is the meaning you put..live free and die free...#real life
MT : If u haven't already picked up a copy of 's book, which comes out today, get to the nearest bookstore & buy one!
lol no im ten
Omg honestly guys why is Alex gaskarth so beautiful?
laying on my couch :)
There goes the no hitter.
Clearly we have very different definitions of bullying, as well as very different definitions of reliable sources.
goodnight . text mee :D ; i love you .
I really liked the post today, dude. Good stuff
*is totally surprised* Thom... what...?
The are fucking sick!
Vampires beware! and I had Mediterranean Kitchen tonight. Garlic is wreaking out of our pores!
Yay!!! What a fabulous trio! :)
i came to win to survive
Pizza dough is rising. Regular dough is kickin' it, but the cornmeal dough might be a little dry. We'll see in about an hour...
Happy Hour @ 4 Aces Grill w/music by Dj Cruz from 3 to 7! Start your weekend off with us here at 4 Aces Grill!
Work has been extra mean to me today :-$ long day x.x can't wait for lunch
can you ping me on Skype?
rice and corn
I'm kind of hoping a meme starts where people photoshop Sarah Phillips into pictures of historical events. Then she steals the site.
Wifi bus out of range. As far as you're concerned, I am #InternetDead for the next 2 hrs. I don't have the constitution to tweet on my phone
Lets get it RT : And I need some wreckless ass fun in my life.
People dont realize that although I'm friendly, I'm not a people person. I'm independent. I'm better off on my own, always have been.
Happy to hear it, Sarah! We look forward to becoming not just your new favorite app but favorite app of all time.
Quite an odd question, brushing away public health risk and dismissing open waste related disease situations occurring globally.
If it takes 2 days to receive a handwritten letter, recruiters say hiring managers have already made a decision about you.
massaging school here cums neka bout to start n january da 3rd.
Its not whether they think you won... Its whether YOU know you won!!!
are you going to be at Austin's concert in NYC?
you and Hilly are an inspiration to me(:
#MentionTo someone you wish were here right now. --
Shaped noodles taste the best! #Macaroni&Cheese
so sick of listening to everyone and no one listening to me
5 missing assignments in history? :o wuuuuuuuuut
Agree! RT : That looks amazing! So happy that participated in The Princess Project!
I was just thinkin the same thing!!! WTF!!!!
i got the crazy vocals .......chuckle
Still feeling like this I'm really scared of going to the ER again and repeating last year :(
yeah..so when its really cold outside i have to wear two sweaters on .
Allie will be offering free hugs and free handshakes, as well as her sweet dance moves for your loling pleasure.
Your color blocking brings tears to my eyes! And I am beyond jealous that you were at today!
you're not the only one feeling it! #training has been at a standstill for me since last Thursday. I miss it.
This isn't really a show about Sasquatch people on , is it?
I had the most weridist.. Like, wow. Yeah um, dream ever. Not telling my Mom this, but I am telling the gut who was in it ;P
Pick it up over there.
I was listening to One More Drink. My mom caught me and flipped shit. lol.
wouldn't you like to know... Can't reveal all my secrets!
My becoming-a-baseball-fan project officially begins tonight. Cardinals and Reds tonight. I will watch. We'll see what happens.
ok I think its safe to say you're limp
Secret, secret, I gotta secret
all this is for what game?lol
I'm finna go get that New Nicki Minaj
Of what use, fear, to an enlightened mind, and what place, hate, inside arms open wide?
such an amazing interview
yeah there are some great opportunities here, I'm really happy for him :) and you?
Yeah they are, I had a toyota corolla & 91' Civic Si hatchback
Up to 2 million people were put out of work from the mineral trade ban and de facto boycott of mineral trade.
my brother got a dog from Leader Dogs, a black lab. Puppy Raisers are wonderful!
Omg so many low budget bitches that I deal with on a daily basis i miss all my friends at home.lifestyles of well if you live it you know
Thanking the big man above for waking me up this morning
If arab ass says "We The Best" one more time I'm gonna scream lol
Its perfection. RT :   Adele REALLY should sing He Won't Go live... I love that songg .
check out graham lindsay, joseph huber, and william elliot whitmore.
SO excited about the Ravens win today! Grateful for the bye! Superbowl 2012 here we come
Orchestra Software Directs New Sales with Social Media
Landed in San Jose alive..headed to Pebble Beach :) rain rain go away..
I love the new twitter!
haha aw my day is complete too now!
Service was great, as usual... & its helpin me get closer 2 him :o)
Love is like the ocean: vast, deep, beautiful and calm though occasionally tempestuous, and ALWAYS full of unseen dangers. - Kiera Condon
Someone make Mat Musto, Tyler Carter, and Artist Vs Poet tour together before I explode!
there's two sequels to that song: "California Girls" and "East Coast Power Ladies"
yaaaay my dad is coming to see me this weekend :)
let's go!
Middlebooks with a salami in his 11th career AB. So often you see a fastball following mound visitMiddleB saw it well indeed
"The Most Important Question You Can Ask" - is it Friday yet?
's trip to Key Lime Cove is tomorrow! Get your tickets today in Brooks Lounge
Office rumors. Hate them!
Hey scientists, how we coming on cloning? I could use a few more of me lately. If God made the original, then copies should be fine right?
Finished my first Race For The Cure 5K in 37 minutes! So proud of mom beating cancer and finishing it as well! :)
My birthday is on 23rd of July. xo
31% of online display ad's go unseen...if that and social media is all your doing to market your company, you need to add some print
Remember? They are at my house, just need to attach bling!
HOORAY!! GMAIL IS WORKING!! Sadly, it's been bouncing my e-mail for the last 24 hours so hopefully it will start to flood back in.
I love proving people wrong<3
Tonight - DJ Justin George & DJ G will be playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Dancelcub
I heard you are teaching EDIT772 now at GMU. I just finished that program in May - but now I feel like taking that class again!
Major League is one of my faves. Long live Jobu.
Does my zebra print umbrella attract attention? Wow, didn't expect that. ;)
All the talk about Aaron Craft and he fucks the game for us....not eating mac n cheese tonight...
Gray and Fenty debate live tomorrow, 8-11, 10 a.m. on News Channel 8 with Bruce DePuyt
Bout to send the track out for the video.
where the fuck did u come from ? It isn't your convo either so stfu ..
Hell yeah... I'm not worried. We rock our home floor. ": #clippers bout to own game3 & 4"
The better part of valor is discretion. ~ William Shakespeare
Glad to have you joining us!! What do your offices look like?
finally can eat some real food tomorrow....girl scout cookies here i come
you got it bro! Dm or e-mail your address to
heya Pete! Thanks for following. :)
#LSENetED the feed seems to be down on the talk
: At the end of the day, we all just want to be loved. so come find me people!!
Does anyone find it oddly ironic (and perhaps a sign) that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument? Just sayin..
hey thanks for the follow;y
Couldn't decide if my schedule would fit a 2nd job but I got one at the clock factory so I can make the time.
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
What's good if you worked all day and missed the awesome warmth? Night ride. Open face helmet. All the smells.
How was Romania! Loved running into you in the airport.
Awesome/amazing response time from Tweeted w/ an issue and they replied back in 3 mins. Cool to see from a govt agency.
Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services to florida area.
I need a hair do. We need to set up an appointment
Taking applications for a volunteer leadership position to organize tutoring for foster kids in OKC metro area.
Smooth all day and smooth all night! 1/2 price bottles of vino every Monday, and great live jazz every Monday night!
#edtechnyc : We don't do 'sales'; word-of-mouth helps us scale.
Man, it's been a minute for me but that's the best!
yea too much slap..
didn't even tell us he was going home he just left
#Thatmomentwhen a cute guy starts talking to you
Howard Ruff Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Sweet ride. Did forget how hills that don't much look like hills can make legs feel like flaming slabs of concrete.
Aww, thanks, I'm very flattered!
don't be sad...
oh stop you're gonna make my cheeks turn red!
I hate reading. I am just getting back into it.
one of the feral cats brought me a rat offering. there's blood all over the porch-- hoping it's rat blood.
We reported you for spam, but would rather report you for your heinously bright smile and botoxed face....
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Sitting in my massage chair ah. Today is going to be a good day. Everything is coming into my life just the way I want it.
Bulls criticism - doesn't matter how good reg seas if fizzle in playoffs. I apply to LBJ, don't give me his stats, always fizzles at end!
RT: Follow for live coverage #HR910 - a bill that would allow unlimited amounts of carbon pollution in our air
I need an iTunes card right now.
He/She who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life - Muhammad Ali
is truly one of the coolest museums on the planet! Perfect for little kids and adult kids too :-)
God doesn't always say"yes" to our requests but from my exp, his "No" always turns into a resounding "Thank u Lord" down the road. Jer 29:11
RT : "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~Abraham...
love love love that book
Threshold (NASDAQ:THLD), announced the completion of patient enrollment into the Companys Phase 2 pancreatic cancer study with TH-302
he just needs practice. I agree starting guard middle next season.
NBA Playoffs 2012: Best Storylines for Conference Semifinals: We were robbed of one of the NBA's best potential matchups when Derrick...
Def. think unbalanced schedule would make it easier for some teams. SKC only plays Sea, and LA just once.
Epic happy hour last night, we've started the front bar takeover!
On move out day you get to see everyone that never comes out of their room!
Maybe I'll get a visit from you while I'm at !
Why does #americanidol hate its viewers? Hailey oughta stop singing!
RT : Just two days until 's come to #Newark for Opening Day!
im so nervous for tomorrow. im not gonna eat.
I hve the bst big sister in the entire so naturally I hve the bst brother in law derek and best Nephew wyatt miss you guys!
So Good - Say Anything
Happy International Beer Day www.yeldahgoods.com for a $8.05 shirt stating REAL WOMEN DRINK BEER. Today only. Cheers!!!!!
do you guys camp?
Lightroom 4 is on the app store. I have v3 though...and barely use it.
Thank you! Please send us an email at
you are the man. We will be looking out for this video links. :)
I was in ft. collins - just a quick wknd family trip but next time I'm in town would love to meet up!
Feisty and explosive--should probably back away from Twitter...slowly. Ciao!
The traditional cheap Target DVD report: BRIDESMAIDS and FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS for $10, THE WEDDING SINGER for $4.75. Just so you know.
"Feel the fear and do it anyway." ~Susan Jeffers
Did you know that a 9-sided polygon is called a nonogon or enneagon?
Definitely started our day right, mad props on the turntable skills and mix! Everyone Loved it today!
enjoy the campus visit back at alma mater
You got it!! Sending via
Never thought they were better without Melo. Amare plays no def, clutters & stalls offense
Happy Birthday you Jew.
YEAH TEAM CHUCK LETS GO
A final happy hour at before the office move.
RT : Depression is not uncommon among retired athletes. Should be more resources for athletes who need to seek mental help.
haha will do. right after Harry..
lmao mine! Nick hahaha and I really wouldn't call it a sex life lol. More like hanging/ dating / meeting life lol
Two caffeine goos and a red bull, I am ready to engage
Screw not being 18. Could be out @ the club...
Tomorrow is #FF. Everyone should follow !!!
Wait, Wait Don't Tell Me is killing it today. (via )
Starting my Christmas shopping... now.
Speaker Howell says VA General Assembly will likely return to Richmond to vote on Governor McDonnell's amendments week of May 7 or the next.
Final: Dallas 59-Trinity 74. Trinity shot a staggering 52%FG in 2nd half. Must be better defensively if we want to be a championship team.
Just wanna get it out there that I really appreciate everyone that's following me!
cant wait to go to crandon for some snowmobiling and snow shoeing! ! ! Friday cant come fast enough
You look so dumb right now.
My phones battery just went up a percent and it's not even on the charger
it was an accident but he is gonna change it in the morning. But I can still iMessage you
1st of all you're a bitch, and 2nd of all you're a bitch.
With this weather you better be OUTinCHI!
Guess he wasn't ready for that one lol
I blame microwave ovens RT: I dont get this modern day nonsense of thinking it all has 2 be wrapped up months before convention
It wasn't hedging was it? It was speculating. But you speculate with our retirement accounts. Yes?
hahaha they're all so cute. Allison is my personal favorite.
Thanks to and for recent #poetry retweets!
I've thought the same thing!
hahaha what are you trying to say?!?
Never stop. Never settle.
for the most part, your internets is a freak show. I hope some sort of darknet takes off soon.
Felt really strong today attacking s IMPACT workout week 9.
Like when goes on the twitters
FREE songwriting HOOK contest trackpizza.com - great prizes - download the tracks and write a hook
Congratulations on all your success! You certainly deserve it. You are an inspiration to many, me included!
I'm watching on justintv, just saying though
Tell that to my wet and cold feet! :)
My son actually asked me to help/show him some things on his drum set tonight. Maybe we're making some progress!
If Austin doesn't clip me soon, I think I will find a way to leave him!
bummer :( speaking of next week, does monday work for you instead of Thursday?
dm? for details
I luv dat song...i bet yhu can do the dance she does....OF COURSE yhur an amazing dancer :)
Not to shamelessly plug, but our Healthscape Alliance is all about collaboration, not competition - please check us out!!
I hate how you make me love you...
Affordable on line personal training coming soon! Will keep you posted as soon as it is up and running.
no nyc this time, but next!
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10:00 am. Raffle prizes include: Bike, Monster Car, Juke Box & more!
Bigger delivery on the way, Ax!. Go enjoy being a daddy for the 2nd time!
Sometimes the only sane answer to an insane world is insanity. - The X-Files
The Rosemary crisps are probably my new favorite cracker to eat with chicken salad!
somebody go and report back! RT : Free Gyoza and free dessert today!! Free Ramen is only 5 days away!
My mom didn't like the dress. I WANT TO CRY.
If you enjoy living, it is not difficult to keep the sense of wonder. - Ray Bradbury
Can't wait to get this party started!!!
Mad Men way better last night. Interesting how the first 2 epi's circle around social issues. Fat Betty is weird and interesting.
woke up this mornin. Took a hit on the lyzer. Blew a .11 yup. I'm Back baby! Gotta love wedding season.
thanks 4 the follow!
Tom Petty's music is very welcome right now. (If it's not at other times)
GOODMORNING! now watching the very last harry potter, deathly hollows pt 2:)
Then come get me!
Working on a media plan.
I'm Batman You're Robin, End Of.
Meting tomorrow in Jersey City. Will Jersey City be the new home for my tattoo shop, "Street Ink"....??? Stay tuned.
and if you get too elitist we'll bop you one;)
Television ownership in America != flat panel television ownership in America
Thank you, I'll redirect from to
TAPAS is a great project; so many people spend months marking up TEI but then face the "now what" question.
Junior Seau is gone! God Bless his family!
well tell me how you really feel!
: Regional 3-point Contest with .....do your thing.
IM GOING TO WORK WITH U
Money is the route of all evil I thought, but when Im broke is when I usually have the evilest thoughts
Headed home for turkey, catch you two next week?
#FF and congratulations to 's own Matt Kemple on all the greatness coming your way!!!
Amen to that!
End of the day
Make 2012 the year your investment returns build your wealth rather than having 2-4% of your returns skimmed to build the wealth of Wall St.
Make sure you say , but what freaked him out
bahaha that's probably true. Who do you think is ganna win?
oh shit! :O
Heard from #icsc and #mainstreetfairness on federal remote collection legislation. Gaining Senate support. Still work to be done.
shhhhhh were not supposed to talk about this... This plan isnt set in motion!!
Wow. Jealous.
let us know when you're coming!!!
Rock n Roll
Yesterday I saw a rheumatologist. No idea what's wrong, but I got a splint for both wrists. Remember, kids: Don't use the computer too much!
Cross my heart I hope you die, left by the roadside. Karma's a bitch, right?
For sure! Absolves any lingering stigma of "young". By the way, when might Immortal Ink open its doors once more to submissions?
I swear you always have to give nigglins that 30 minute grace period before the clock starts..I'll be there in 5 means 35. Gotdayum!!!
Acknowledge all things are a blessings because all things are of God
GET YOUR MUSICFEST TICKETS TODAY!!!
Sobbing over a deep dish pizza RT : What are Jon Barry and Wilbon doing right now !?!?!?
that is a solid 18 or 19 inches man!! hahaha!
: " I always enjoy when we work together... It is never a dull moment :)" - True that. :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BABE! Have an AWESOME one!!! ;-)
Was looking like a sexy manakin today with all her Nike on lol
Just treated to a dramatic reading, via spambot: "Upon come nigh examination, wildunawares painted an unthinkingopinion..."
Just realized my blog settings had the time zone set as Africa. Oops.
I hate that one as well
#Leafs goal song now playing. Didn't hear it enough late in the campaign.
For Cinco de Mayo my wife and I are having a Mexican standoff.
Moms! Join FITzee and tmw at Tidelands Park in Coronado for an outdoor concert! The fun starts at 10am!
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs. If they can be convinced it's safe and sensible to give it.
I'll be there -- I'll be talking about multispectral imaging as used in the Livingstone Project to recover faded writing
Exactly. In which work is defined as initiating the use of electricity / starting a fire.
let me know how you can help out with my website!
I brought my laptop to work and forgot my charger.
I don't step on toes n I don't share women...cuz until men out# the women, evn the math says I don't hav 2
Happy cinco de mayo day! (:
Follow Back :o)
We'll b serving up those good dogs at the Kids Fair @ KMart on US31 in Greenwood this Saturday from 10am-2pm.Come see us there and say hello
Tomorrow is a new day. Tomorrow will be better. Maybe tomorrow I'll actually remember to pick up toilet paper at the store...
: Oh, you know every single line to Step Brothers? I wonder what you do on Friday nights. they got me lol
I agree, the refs are not gonna give the Niners any breaks today.
in nashville please i live in lebanon(;
this weekend is crazy. Next weekend sat or sun. U guys choose. Open session during the day.
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)
ure the one who sings, its up to ya to decide, musical notes are ur world, so say out loud what's on ur mind. Haha
What is your favorite music genre?
Marshawn Lynch highlight just gave me a half chub
Your welcome baby; )
Teeny's new experience Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!:*
Well, I thought Ron Artest had come a long way. But I guess not. Oh well. Kinda an ugly scene at Staples Center.
7yrs old and thinks he's king.he's Bummed I don't have any samples in his size. He'll grow into the 32" shorts.
I've seen the 'Inglorious Basterds' and I loved it...Tarantino is nuts...I love him :=)
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition Grammy
Hope it works out!! this can be a young and fun adventure
YES! Goat butter is DELICIOUS! And mad expensive at Whole Foods but you should definitely try it.
Avengers sucked!
"Voters who elect a man to 'get' for his district will find they have elected a man who will 'get' for himself.--Coolidge
I want to punch all the small children in southridge right now!!!
Good work!
want to win a free shirt? tweet this "hey guys! is giving away a free shirt to 1 follower! go follow them and tweet/RT this"
"I'm gonna step out of the storm and be spotless... Just waiting for the right time." I feel that.
I hate when people call me Mack
They are brought to their knees and fall, but we rise up and stand firm. Psalm 20:8
Moses Malone on the spurs
Im on facebook see this bitch picture im like I HATE THAT BITCH LMAO
jealous you're in cabo!
Gonna have a house guest these weekends .... Can you ever be to nice?!
I don't rly like geese but I feel bad for them on a day like today :( keep warm little goose eggs!!!!
UPS came back! Lily Marie got a book too: Eric Hill's SPOT'S FUN FIRST WORDS! Wonderful gift from wonderful Amy Comito! & cool
Good Morning to All my Family and Friends~~~~Have a wonderful day and remember, you are always on my mind!! <3
u are fricken hilarious
Watching kevin hart....he is to funny...
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 32
coo, who all u comin wit?
The Helen Keller Driving School
Wide awake...
That feeling you get when you know is online!!! Ah, Would you please follow me?<AB
So far, candidates r doing a good job of telling us what's needed, little lean on HOW they r going to get us there. There isn't a person...
That was u I saw playing in the grass earlier! STOP THAT. Lol Glad u found ur keys. :)
little dragon beat go boom! Good luck on the mix down!
Thanks to everyone that visited the Visual Intelligence booth at the 2010 ASPRS/CaGIS in Orlando, Florida.
Men are cruel, but Man is kind. ~ Rabindranath Tagore
I'm bouta buy a car off my mechanic I think. Lemme know when you go slab searching doe. I needa look too
Slept like a baby last night. Best sleep in a long time.
He's Mine , You May Of Had Him Once But iGat Him All The Time !
Sunflower seeds & Gatorade are two of my favorite things. <3
thank u for the follow. stay tuned to homelessdogmusic.com
I think the best way to create educ games is to design games that are exciting then intertwine educational components
Thanks! We have some waiting for you.
Glad you enjoyed it too! RT : Wow. The Strong National Museum of Play is NOT just for kids! I needed more time!
Tryin my best to make my bad days good n my good days great.
....here we go again..sighs
I have my day all planned out. I know where I'm running away too. Had it planned since Jan. I just have to start saving. :)
FINE! its not like i wanted to go anyways..so pshh!
like it like that is my new favorite song!!! <3 i love you guys so much! Follow me please?! (:
that's hard dude it's about time I got to hear some real good shit comin out around here
RT : Need access to top consultants? can help. Resume reviews, mock interviews - it's all here > www.evisors.com
the glass came out.
Next year we'll have an air horn #dcswa people like chatting more than sessions
400,000? All I know is property value here is nuts.
First Suite by Gustav Holst is absolutely amazing tonight while doing homework :)
i think bill lives in chagrin falls too. also, pouy and i have moved on to FNL season 2. first season was great!
Yowza. Huzzah! RT : I am officially done with official classes.
Off to hell....
Truth. RT : Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something & has lost something. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
I sure hope so.
the weather and my almost good hair day forgot to communicate this morning. come on guys.
#nw watchin think like a man!
Great 1st round match for the young American. He showed a lot of promise for the future. Roddick about to hit the court
Yeah, but I can't just start making to-do's for everybody, now can I? /cc
ahahaha Lol I would of too
Daily Trick to Cut Your Stress
Heading to the Miltown Beatdown tonight at Jackalope Lounj? Hit me up for access to the PBR VIP balcony.
agree & rec. my exp is from Fall and Spring just exp not that many undergrads new about. Graduates diff story. my experience.
we are so there!
An' hustlin' drunken soldiers when they're goin' large a bit Is five times better business than paradin' in full kit.
So i've recently become obsessed with nail blogs.. Which blogs would you recommend? I'm having a hard time finding some good ones..
Cardinal Mahoney- We are not afraid.
Man shit will never change
Just paid 7 months worth of payments on my car to empty our bank account from South Carolina. The day is slowly looking up
Fingers crossed! But you better shoot straight with me. None of this "that was soo great" if you think it sucks. Promise?
oh okay lol so I haven't seen you in forever, that needs to change ASAP! (:
 Justin Bieber
I think Troy Mcclure needs more bubble gum b/c I doubt he can kick anyone's ass.
Bout to go to SLEEP
No you're not
we took them to 7 games last time. We were in the 2nd round last year. It is insane if I thought they would get to the finals.
Wait what?
Do you love #NewOrleans? Do you love #MardiGras? Follow us today & you'll get to see some gorgeously detailed archival carnival designs
ok cool....I may try to come back, if I don't let me know how you do
Oh sure, have him there "in office" the week I am NOT coming to see you. ;)
Christopher Lambert is being very naughty. You should challenge him with a sword fight
Anybody have recommendations on finding inexpensive flights to Europe?
I am reading Out of the Shadows by Jason Wallace --
getting more and more submissions for from iraq & afghan war veterans who rap ... this is why hip-hop is a great american artform
Christian rarely is fully clothed.
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long. You either get right or you will get left.
So you must spend more than 60 mins a day listening to podcasts?
Great, thank you for the tip, will tune in.
The new say murders droppin is somethin dat should be applauded. I won't applaud until kids and teenagers stop being murdered in new orleans
whats a good cheap app to view/edit word/excel docs?
beware of the cornfields along that road to your house. Shit is creepy.
i am a sexy toe with a lot of swag, oh wait that toe is yours ;) #yee lol
i made him laugh and smile so much today.. success<3
A thought: The spirit of a place is more true with the mountains intact.
could Luke Walton help LA at all? they haven't played him in forever
Who did they play besides an overrated Notre Dame and a Cincy team coming off a 2 OT win that has been up and down all year.
Do you know what proportions are?
Ugh, feeling the same exact way!
Now if i had a gun....... BITCHES better be runin'!!! lmfao
#team Juggarnaut will be back in town tomorrow #cali is the bomb
What should the singular nongendered pronoun be?
I swear I love Twitter.
I learned all about tucking on ru Pauls drag race last night!
Browsing w myy new Nook Color which is also an android tablet. Pretty cool! Yogi likes it!
Pft ima beat both of u guys up!RT : fuck her up please
I can listen to A Tribe Called Quest all day!!
I'm doing real good
RT I might have 3000 followers but only about 10-15 speak. its like talking to my kids;)
heck yeah Angga! Glad you like it bro!
For #Fremont how about Fremont Coffee Co. and Silence, Heart, Nest?
Lovely:) I like ur sound.
Now following. Or you can email me beth (at) bondimaging.com. We can accept Visa MC Amex or EFT. And yes we can scan to cd..
Thanks for letting me know. Hackers and mean.
This is what I learned from #f8: Zuckerburg has a really cute dog named Beast.
aww babe I love you <3
Hey Miss Q! Just wanted to tell you that I think you're an absolutely amazing actress/woman/person. Happy to be following you!
hahaha I know. I realize that the g in my last name is easily overlooked.
We have the greatest facebook challenge: get 10 friends to like us and get a free t.
I plan to start tweeting here more often.
Ugh I wish I could go to the wind ensemble concert tonight. Even though I loathe
Yeah I watch "Trauma". Sue me.
talkin' to my grand daughter ! Grannie LOVES youu, Hannah ! c:
watch espn make excuses for New York & Lin
Can't wait until she leaves! Ugh
Who's to fault for the #Knicks recent struggles?
AWWESOME! thanks girl!!!:)
That would be very cool. I'm really looking forward to Innocent Darkness!
82 and not amused.
Lovey doing duckface during his poses
Wassup with these tweets with everybody swearing how they "REAL" if you ask me y'all seem insecure
Hey all you tech writers with an engineering background, let's hear from you!
I have a feeling you would have been able to describe it rather eloquently
Agree. If there can be a family/business TSA line, should be similar for black coffee/every other coffee drink line.
the table is still available!
watching two lesbians feed eachother cotton candy on the train is a lot worse than it sounds ..i do not wish this on anyones eyes
The Tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach."Benjamin Mays
If this is the life why does it feel so good to die today.
for the love of god, don't. I can rattle off much better choices. Trust me.
Just so many great upsets!! Perfect saturday for college basketball
Perfect time to live tweet RT : Will be *very* interested to hear what Dick Murphy has to say at my Rotary Club meeting tomorrow
I'll take a look at it in the morning. Have to work tonight.
no doubt... keep on
thx for sharing our post!
OKAYOKAY! Only cause you guys asked for it! A couple more!
I think I'll be able to come for a little bit. Maybe, if you are lucky, I'll let you see me.
Friend: "I wasn't even that drunk !" Me: "Dude...you asked your girlfriend if she was single."
Check out she is the next big star on the worlds radar!!!
Burrrrrnnnnnnn RT I think Livejournal still has more active users than TMO has subscribers.
I use it to save my Instagram photos to Dropbox & notify me when new movies are added to Netflix instant.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 2
I wonder if i'm alone in really disliking the flow of text in css3 multi-columns
I Hate Dudes That Dont Respect Girls, Be Polite & A Gentleman For Godsake... I Respect Women Unlike Some Fuckin Dumbasses
ikr? I want 2 see if Jordan can play the game without him! Its not couples anymore. When she fails at doing something she cries
I'll let you know what magazine it's from if I find it :)
having you hold me and touch my stomach is just the most amazing feeling
MT On today's 11am show , #wherearethewomen at yesterday's hearing on contraception? I'll talk to
Some thirsty girls up in this club.
Very nice but it would've been just as easy to draw both.
thats what i hear. i'm happy for you and tyler!!! i'll be coming back on april 21!! yay!!
What up homie?
At the salon getting my hair cut. Then off to the gym later to get cut. Teehee :)
#FF my almost east coast love: :D
Fuck ya it does. :c
i </3 cigars
Happy Birthdayy! :D
Going to the family bbq- will need $ for therapy afterwards! (Haha kidding)
I hate being sad and then getting mad that I'm sad.
haha that's what I always say
I will always love you!
Very few tickets left for Friday Crossroads concert. Call 336-725-1904 to see if you can purchase one.
Congrats! Significant progress given the legacy stuff youre supporting!
oh yeah. 8212 Liberty Rd in Balto Co. Will have store in Annapolis open in Sept. Join our FB pages
Stop by and purchase your Yankees tickets for $25 for April 16th. If you've never been to a Yankees game this is a must!
which one?
Things are probably going so well because so few cars out there.
I MADE THE AUDITIONS! Omgomgomgomg
THIS IS OUR VENGENCE
My Ok Go! station on Pandora has morphed into a 1999 hits playlist. Vive la Y100!
Just tuned into the Crew vs. Rapids #MLS conference semifinal match.
"Hans...bubby...I'm your white knight." I can never turn off this movie.
LOL nope. I has three-dimensional janky ass matrcula which most places don't take anymore
Sounds awesome. Let's see it!
As a teenager, no interest in alcohol or sex, but psychedelics. I however don't trust any street dealers currently. Safety and all that.
Good Morning :)!!
I don't mind, it's the
m ready to bet 100k cash Black Friday is 10x better then Pink Friday !
Productive workshop last night. Thanks to everyone who came out.
how did the screening go. Next time lemme know so we can coordinate something official.
Passports are tricky little guys.
Powerwalked to yoga so fast that now I'm chillin in mcd's to kill time
RT : Heading to this year -- has your preview of all the fun on the Good Morning Show.
Haha exactly. Totally different.
You sound pretty down. Onward & upward! : eli and I figured out many ways to improve the show, and were up late last night pre
Night everyone! I shoulda been asleep already got more tests in the morning :s
I swear to god my intentions were gold
#CougarTown Best. Show. Ever.
Watching "Nip Tuck" for the 1st time
New York, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Watching American Idol. is the celebrity coach. Bringing his flavor to the show :-)
Please no "edged weapons/tools". This means hatchets, swords, knives etc.
mine are starting too.. :(
Tomorrow head to the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference to meet Mary Kay Andrews as well as other great southern authors!
Congrats to choice as new Web Editor for ; faced with the job of making a big beautiful literary brick take flight.
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!?!?!?
Attending my fav networking group's (GETDOT) holiday party. GETDOT stands for "Good Excuse 2 Drink on Thur". The party is "Shots for Tots"
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
My daddy erks me when he makes me turn my music down &' he got the car music blasting -_______-
just saw a outtake of 21 jump street the movie and they didn't ask u to be in it Is it going to be like the series ?
you are a thug!
#nowplaying on "Tonight Is The Night"! What a great song!!
calm down I'm stopping now. I'm going to go watch Justin bieber . Bye guizzz.
I hv mixed feelings cuz i kind of want the #lakeshow to win and i kind of want the
Hey Algren winners, what role does wit play in your stories?
Good Morning Palo Alto!
i Can Almost guarantee she know the Deal real nigga WASSUP !
Marvin Lewis came to play in the bad coaching duel but Kubiak is actin like hes not even trying. What the hell?
It makes me mad because I have to hear it from someone else to know.
What time is green flag tomorrow? Feel the need to sleep late already
very sad.
Hanging out with Hannah and Avery! And my day was good really tired though! My voice is worst then last night;(
Fosters Australian for #beer, good looking dad . If MKG doesnt get you #hyped idk What will
Can't believe it's the last day of Avenue Q. It's been such a wonderful run and truly a privilege and joy every night.
RT : benefit to deliver meals to folks with terminal illness. Great night at #posto for a great cause
Brava! : Google+ friends - I quit. Left G+.
Will do! Hope you can watch us as well.
ASIDE FROM THE BREAD AND PRETZELS
#21CRadio tweet chat starts in 5 minutes!
Nuttiest NASCAR ever. Just say'n.
Please follow our friends at thanks
why am i such a loser i should really just say hi!!!
Omg shorty got a phatty wearing a full pink ranger costume.. Lol can't b child propriate
I'm so sick of school. I think that's why I'm sick now
Agreedplus I used to think consciousness was the fundamental function of the Self & I held a more blank-slate view of the Mind
just spent 3 and a half hours on a research paper....fuck you corbett.
Truly unfortunate. Taught there on contract 2001-2003. Signs of tensions then. I guess things never got resolved.
Ikr! But some crazy person just woke me up!!! Can't sleep! Even when I want to SMH
spending this whole week installing my exhibit at East Los Angeles College, Vincent Price Art Museum,
but a goatee is both classy and manly
I sleep 12 hours day so please follow now and get followed
gracias, De La
I want to so bad :(
Spring Cleaning ..
#DC plumber just told me he would never drink the city's tap water. Blech.
thank you very much.
Picking out a new pair of running shoes. Super-geekeded!
Coming now!
Looking for a local videographer to help me with a "making of" project, 5 min film. Any recommendations?
My head hurts so much from thinking
Video shoot with the lovely Sunday afternoon. DM me to talk on camera about the many virtues of !
Wtf? Some woman just randomly came into my cube and starts going through some packets that she left with me. Um... Excuse me???
yup it says he is message him
And a big howdy to for the nom for the costumes in Beam me up, ESosa!
"The past can hurt, you can either run from it or learn from it."
Has now entered the period of travel weariness where he is willing to endure marriott courtyard marketing spiels in exchange for access ...
"is it surprising that today we have become so morally blind that we save the baby whales cost,&murder millions of unborn children?"
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a production too.
Awesome trailer! I can't wait to get a hold of that. I hope it has some vombies!!!
Thanks - I crossed paths with them on my way back inside.
Wake. Bake. Skate
yayyyyyy back on twitter
Well ladies it's been nice being back but I have to sleep!
I command you to DANCE
I need summer to be as long as the school year
Humanity has won its battle. Liberty now has a country. what a way to start a new blog! keep up the good work
only you >.< jeez, why would I reweet something just to disagree? That's stupid.
damn i just shed a tear. Kerry Wood's last game
Damn it's hot in Vegas
Just want to go outside and play some softball!
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
#Texans going as Jekyll & Hyde for Halloween.
"Do You Remember the First Time" i went up to you and had the balls to talk to you at school C: god i will never forget that day! <3
I can go with a no-TCU clause. Those suspiciously horned toads defeated us on our own field.
SAY IT ONE MORE TIME!
i will try to follow everyone soon, #f4f everyone c; i always follow back!(:
Good Luck today!!! You deserve it!
actually we got 2 u via !
Tracy! So sorry to have not stopped by your table. Thanks so much for coming in! How was everything?
hmm. Next weekend then???(:
If you keep chasing yesterday, you're gonna miss tomorrow.
Thanks for nothing bud ;)
I got that maps song by the yeah yeah stuck in my head
If you live in the Monroe area and your planning on going to town tmrrw, watch out for me and Cecily. We are destructive...
So I don't know if it is visible by others yet, but I actually do feel thinner.
save the sorrys. You Should be sorry about bein 6 11 never rebounding and playing defense like 5'3 girl.last gm on Knicks 
follow back :D
Guess I'm actually staying in on a Friday.. Uh tht never happens to me
On to the next one...
Once again, it became known that the doping test failed Ar-Truf, according to some rumors, he was smoking grass
Soap oprea rappers all deez niggas sound like all my children
you watch The League at all, after Always Sunny? Quite good, I'm a huge Taco fan.
Hey ray j dont send me 143 while we're texting cause i wont know what it means
If ur man was flirting with ur girl and she tells you, she's trying to protect u. So don't get mad at her! She's knows
my desire to watch it is waning with each and every TV spot.
4 Simple Questions are leading to many making a 6 figures a month! Are you one of them? You can be at 9:00 PM EST 646-519-5860 Code:64630#
everybody in my family know wat me turning 21 means!!!!
His defense has been great though. RT : unimpressive night for Rondo even with the triple-double
Oh no! What's wrong?
I was just mentioned in the same #ff tweet as , even though her hair is far better than mine.
Just listened to pretty girl rock #memories 
Happy Birthday Chicago!!! Incorporated as a city on March 4, 1837. Also, ALA's headquarters are located in this beautiful city.
...and he tweeted it out last night
you're welcome, my friend. I wish you many more happy years :)
Have fun!!
Kyle what's good Im just now hittin you back...my bad!
Nice at bat by Cutch. He kills the Nationals!
I geta good hour on a good day bt2day?
that looks so cool! So maybe a QR can look fun.
NOW ROCKIN OVERTIME ON FRONT STAGE RADIO HELPING OUT AND THE CREW
#IsitJustMe or the older you get the quicker the year goes by? The year is almost half way over....
Fake lashes on at 9:40am- on a mission.
Come hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe. Today @ Hilton Riverside-Rosedown,1:30pm
I ate it,all
Attending Opening Session on Healthcare Reform. We all have a long way to go.
Just became one of the worst nights of my life
Has that one #song stuck in the mind. Mainly because the #feelings are left unchanged.
RT "....Max stepped into his private boat and waved goodbye.  Maurice Sendak
some call it stalking, i call it a creepy/crazy way of showing affection for 5 boys who don't know i exist. heh. whatevs. :)
Hmm. Okay, keep us posted if car hasn't moved in 7-10 days. No limits to parking that side of JWD.
Well, whatever they're called. I'm diggin' em'.
Off to work!
Night everyone
im really sleepy happy new years #WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz #Bliebers love ya
I've only used Goodreads. Don't remember how I ended up there. Q8
hey could you help me get some followers---- im new
Domestic airfares hit record high in 2011
I go to platinum :), why what's up?, oh yeah and follow me Elia don't act like u don't know who I be lol ^.^
What club has the best girls???
oh okay thanks fam!! appreciate it!!
nah he jus tries to look like a badass lol
I know. It's so cool!
yeah! I have a ton of fun on my chorus trips! And it sound like this one will be awesome too!
I'm in San Francisco now, but I'll be back for a week in June to help with the biz if you can wait.
's tweets crack me up!
Yes! Mets win.
Goodnight everyone
sounds like a good shot recipe.
I don't wanna change my icon :c
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night drinks ( beer & mix drinks ) from 10:30-5am come get it in best deal in the chi .
Lee: You are all experts. I encourage you to insist upon building stronger, equitable communities.
No, sadly it's Monday.
Omg louis grandma wished me happy birthday on facebook
and I had a ball talking about JY on the DL :) hahaha
Upside if Fins pass on Tannehill: Will be comedy GOLD to see Fins GM Ireland say afterward they see 58-year-old Dave Garrard as "the future"
Thanks for the shout out!
Avoiding work today...
I'm done! Next time someone asks me what I do for fun, I'm telling the truth. I build web apps. Tired of making up "normal person" answers.
U.S. stocks stage afternoon comeback, erasing bulk of Wednesday's losses.
you bet it was! You can catch the next one every Thursday
Joline Blais: it took me thirty years to come home, to Maine - describes background in permaculture, organizing, new media
Video games are truly weapons of mass distraction!
Keep asking reasonable, rational questions keep questioning the nonsensical and you will soonlose faith in all the mumble jumble
Billie & Lester.... as in Holiday & Young.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You let your family run our relationship..
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
Going to be at Teen hoot this summer right?! (:
oh no! I think is the outbreak monkey- it sounds like what I had last week.
a lil too real, so the opted out
haha i think i will ill talk to you tomorrow Ashton goodnight <3
yes very jealous!!
#INMIDDLESCHOOL tried out for basketball for da 1st time
word. you learn to pick better shots, and find photographable moments in daily life. definitely worth it!
#41997 your stunning! Harry for sure :P
k you can post status's on facebook but not message me back? OK thats cutee too (:
LAX bound. Have already heard one amazing #iwojima story. Wish us luck...
Just Grindn! I Lost yo Contact DM me i got a BIG video shoot needa talk to yu bout it!
goodnight lovelys... too much homework this week... bye :)
we kiss and it feels like we have just shrugged off the world
Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast.
follow back?
is there some exciting news to share regarding your fiance?!
Earth Day&#39;s ups and downs reflect changing environmental movement
Justin Bieber is ruining Twitter
yes girl you might surprise yourself!
will do!
Author Kristine Blair () will present @ 4:45PM session on feminist engagements & community-based participatory alternatives
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen.-- Richard M. DeVos
Seriously mixed feelings, I need to think about this.
thanks for the retweet!
haha me too :(
Autopilot engaged, screaming back towards God's country.
Hi Sarah :-) I logged back into tweetdeck and all your tweets showed up. Thank you so much for your help!
wow really? That's kinda super cool.
Can't wait to "see" you! Drop by the booth to check in.
We are glad your looking forward to it! Can't wait to hear you speak!
Hope you haven't forgotten about #Pink&Purple ! You can get #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on #iTunes now
If you haven't seen machine gun preacher...Do that!! You need it in your life
I'm going into labor and mrs davis is having kittens Hahaha
Biked to work! 8 am energy boost + effortless exercise! Turns out, travel time is shorter via bike than car!!!
In the words of Dennis Green fmr coach of the Arizona Cardinals... Rush Limbaugh,& the other cowards. "they are who we thought they were"
I KNOW RIGHT!!! I like died laughing
RT : 1st election w/photo ID required & it seems to have run well. Proof that voter suppression still works.
phew... been working on new material with Spence. Can't wait to start recording at the end of March in Florida!
Going swimming
Goddammit. Barry bought a round of Bud Light Platinum. But it's okay, Ponstein's here too
We rap better, look better, now give me a semmich!
The Fraternal Order of Eagles, an international non-profit organization, unites fraternally in the spirit of liberty, truth, and justice.
THANK U FOR HANGING UP >:(
O. M. I love this story so much!!!!!!! Yea buddy I'm dating vinny!!!!!! Lol
"You can lose a man like that by your own death, but not by his." (c) George Bernard Shaw
Class sounds awesome, can't wait.
#DunkinDonuts going to try my first #big and toasty
Attn Chiro's: Dr. Danny Drubin @ DCCS Meeting This Month| September 13th. Great motivator and practice coach. www.DCCS.us for more info
I think I actually prefer the US version of "The Office". There, I said it. I know, blasphemy.
Chocolate covered espresso beans seemed like a good idea this afternoon.
Gonna keep it sexy tonight
Thanks for coming in to Mizu for lunch!
Just bought the wii and oh my gosh it's addictive!!!
Take Notes
same to you biaaa !
morning alex (: hope you have a good dayy (; <3
T.I. get outta jail and the name of his new album is called "Trouble Man". Trouble should be the last thang on his mind
There's a Chinese version of Google. It's called Googre.
Ow i can totally understand it so good luck with that :)
I wish it worked that way, but it never does. At our house Mommy & Daddy trade off kid duty and resting.
No, I think 's favorite team is worse than yours
Mitch, you just made my day! RT: Why is not on #MadMen? Explain, !
do you gotta shit?
Im not in the mood to cook haha why do you wanna make something?
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
50 people showing up to get their smarts on at the tracks in Milwaukee. Madison, where you at?
Test results back: no evidence of disease. Yahoo!!!
it Is aha
I'm feelin like ms. spontaneous right about now 
#IndieMusic MP3: New Beard  Doom
cinco de mayo is tomorrow. The 5th of may? Today's the 4th haha
Focused, bout to hit the gym!
I love to sing .... sing!
I'm not sure what that means but I think I like it.
fine make it 10!
-.- never texted back! Thats fucked up......
(cont.) of "Blue Valentine". I was not at all invested with what happened to the couple. Starts well but falls apart quickly.
SOL until after third cup of coffee, vision requests after 3rd meeting of the day will be denied due to decision fatigue...
That's my job to enhance our talents given abilities. Great Work!
Hey 2012, it's time for new beginnings!
: username has a 69 in it. OMFG I love that number. you're my new bestfriend Andrew.
Best of luck in the "large school" state tourney RT : Prep football: Waunakee tops among large schools in AP preseason poll
Throw bombs on it
Social media has changed the world.. Significantly..,
Next time I hear a politician exhort "finding common ground", I think I'll suggest we start by sharing our feelings about TicketMaster....
red devil lounge tonight
Monday challenge: up the ante to be more persistent in maintaining standards and quality assurance.
When I lived in NYC I thought of it as being like Halloween or the 4th of July: a night to hide under the bed.
what's up fam! Keep up the hard work man it shows! #Ncredible taking over the world!
The two players I hate the most both missed their respective penalties: Ronaldo and Ramos. That made my day along with Real not advancing.
RT : Get your music mixed by &
Cats need love-have you hugged your cat friend today? Meow!
Lying on the bed crying. - Couldn't the Jazz win just one?!
haha I can dig it, but I don't stay in the hood right now. Long story
i how you'll get better jason <3 <3
You're only happy when it stains-! Sorry-couldn't resist Katie:D (at least MKE or even a Madison show - Butch V hometown-!)
@ sushmadeshpande Happy Holidays Sushma. Wishing you a fabulous 2012!
I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP E-mail members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Cooked down, topped with yogurt? Sugar, water? Cinnamon?
Thinking about hitting up the celebrity ALL STAR GAME this weekend:)
Goodmorning twitterworld! So glad its the weekend. Ready to get my outfit out for tonite and a drink in my hand. Its party time :))!
So stoked to be home again. God fired up, now I'm ready to RUN with it :)
ok then wat was the fuckin point in even tweetn me... Bye Mf'r
 We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form. #skcnation
haha! I feel it's beyond rude to take advantage of people. I watch start ups do it like its the program. Dark times.
I am enjoying a three day weekend.
This is late, but I said May the 4th be with you to a customer today (in a nerd shirt) and he laughed at me. Star Wars fans have no love.
#Eng9 Period One- HUGE improvement on last vocab quiz!!! Woot woot!!!! Well done.
BioNJ to Host First-Ever Life Sciences Industry HR Conference on May 14
Will you be at SXSW this year?
I'm glad that people in Columbus like to stay fit but why do they all have to stay fit at the exact same time at my gym??? Lol.
they're both mighty fine personalities, Bij. :)
i love justin bieber!!!
yeah i understand that but they can't resist not being jealous :p
My body is so sore! 
it seems like every rapper is up all night trying to find the next drake or j.cole! I can deal with being known like nipsey
#ff Thx for donating healthy bread for food boxes we are giving away to people in need today!
When are America's scientists going to tackle the real scourge affecting this country: the shower curtain effect?
kind of catchy, though, isn't it?
Thanks much for the RT's. Hope you have a fab weekend. Should be lots better for biking than last Sunday was!!! :)
I hit tweet limit
of course! good luck with the competition!
i love him.<3
taylor yancey don't care!
LMAO RT : You lost me at Microsoft.
honestly, someone has 5min to talk me out of buying taco bell. no? nobody? i'll take your silence as acceptance of my obsession.
Hahaha ahh nice! That's awesome. Well let me know if you find anything good. I'll be hunting too!
i can see myself with #oomf .
thank you!!! : Great work on behind but catching up on episodes!
People who spend time with positive, successful people become successful themselves.
What a 2nd half! The Atlanta #Falcons outscore the Panthers 24-0 in the 2nd to win 31-23. Matt Ryan threw for 318 and 4 touchdowns!
Missed yesterday's #50People to Watch ticket giveaway? is hosting another Facebook contest today! via
Thirsty Thursday!
any number in particular?
Remember to patronize our sponsors, and show your support for live music.
what's wrong with Bentley?
lol ok that's 2 awake!
We love asses! RT Alright yall, tonight's the last show of the Spring! Get your asses to ! 930 pm.
Lauren just got cut. Payson told the NGO about her bad heart and they cut her.
So awesome! Looks like they had a great time.
I do not want to go to school tomorrow at all.
thank you much! and ditto.
yay!! in just 15 min. i will be doing the last chapter of my D&A course. :D
you're getting a giant hug the next time I see you
if the theory of creation is right we r all a product of incest, rather marry a cousin
their rookie being on IR already & Beanie & Step-Howl listd as Q, who's the RB for AZ?
Also joining us tonight at are and !! 11pm free show!
Bring your kids to tomorrow morning for the Kids Workshop! From 9am-12pm, kids participate in crafts & learn tool safety!...
Should be piss drunk with in Chi Town right now.
If I give you my bracelet that I played with every game than you #YouMeanSomething <3
Just discovered #Paper.li, basically the public, website form of #Flipboard. Love!
at the same time i dont want to take anything away from you, cause you do a good job and show good interest keep working hard!
Headed to the Albany Civil Rights Institute.
Thank you from taking down my bestfriend Jered's photo.
when you say something that is bad, #YouNeedToShutUp!
The new rule is:
God gave me you for the ups and downs!<3
about what I expected. Meh, and at the same time, I might've teared up.
I adore when people come in from out of town.
Kobe just smacked from the 12th row though lol
No matter how you try to protect your children. They will eventually get hurt and you will hurt in the process!
I heard that cats hate citrus. I don't think any animal would appreciate having oranges thrown at them.
today is the day I keep accidentally clicking on things by ramming my left mouse button into my keyboard. time to clear some desk space.
Hello Deus Ex games. It's been a while.
Thanks, I thought it was pretty funny when I heard it too. Planning on using it myself.
Haha. Well truth be told, we've been saying nasty things about you for weeks and I thought it was time to tell you.
That hot problems video is from a company called Old Bailey Productions!
Seeking candidates with experience in a law firm records department. Great growth opportunity available in large firm in San Diego!
thx for the shout-out!
Nah I'm going home to DC. But I'll be up on weekends to party and kick it. You?
'There are worse bands than Nickelback... maybe.' - The Black Keys (it's an Ohio vs. Canada rock n roll showdown)
"It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the #environment."
My pony Zippy would want to come- Im training him to b a seeing eye pony for me. He fits DOJ size to enter buildings under regs
Thank you to all WFUV members who helped us to reach our fundraising goal.
wow. You really handled that well.
I love Pandora is great at work
Ha Ha you're little boy's got a little poppin' & breakin' to the
thank you!
3 mile run in the sun, check! :)
I bought it yesterday :-p When are we playing?!?!
God said "Let There Be" and there were...Think of all the possibilities that he has for you if you just submit to his will and not yours.
If, after 7 years, JLo and MarcA can't make it, what chance do the rest of us have?
He was kicked out... You know what for? He was night putting, just putting at night with the fifteen-year-old daughter of the Dean...
Bacon Incense?? M.. RT : suggestion for a xmas present for me; incense that smells like bacon frying. that would make me...
Mall , FROOOYOOO , movies , Apple Bee's , THEN teen night.
direction for new library card. placed holds on phone for homebound patron. renewed over phone. talked about adult programming with staff.
I'm going to start making fortune cookies that strictly contain lines from Florence + the Machine songs
There is a difference between it's and its.
David Ortiz needs to go.
One takeaway from : boundaries between donor, archivist, user blurring in digital age. Agreed and excited about possibilities.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Welcome to my Fan page Tom and Lester! :)
Listening 2 men construct the new part of the office around me is pure comedy. One guy keeps yelling "bastard!" followed by a dropped object
This is impossible...
Tax increases? McDuffe, wilde, Hunter, Henderson no! Day yes for high income earners over $300k
I like you the way you are.
on my way to nyc to sing @ st john the divine & see palemale
I endorsed April Jackson on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
Yes, always do ur best!
#SEM10 #Jero #enka Super weird cultural aberrations and anomalies that fit your theories with ease; doesn't mean they should.
It's true! I bet they have oragami scholarships in Japan. I'll ask my husband.
and Seacrest is always trying to save electricity.
GUYS..!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
girl i did!! So good m
welcome back
It was awesome. Had a great time. Missed your presence on the dance floor though!
The backgrounds in this Taralskdfskdfljsdl song. I just can't. I JUST CAN'T.
same. dying in this office RT : i really need this work day to be over soon
is at Barley House near SMU- the hotbed of college football scandal with the boys from ESPN Austin. and - et al
Good morning!
!!! RT : Hard work beats talent
gonna rock my shirt tomorrow!
you are in Miami in spirit Kris! You know I love you!
bitches are horny tonight
Watching Sherlock and trying to write an essay don't go together very well.
agreed. it seems more and more that the $ is the end in itself and not what the $ can help build.
Thank you for the free cranberry scone this morning!
it's official. I'm retarded! haha
what up Jesse!! Hope u and the fam are doing good!!
Sweet find.
sick bro
no u dnt
Randomly met a bouncer from Maine who works Saturday's at this bingas chemfree thing? Dying at these stories, this actually exists?
HA! NO reason to be scared! was too but did great! #twittermovie awesomeness! =D
okay... and oh yea my bad I forgot I'm not texting you lol
send me it and the rules!
I did
go kick rocks .
Refuse to even acknowledge Facebook, gives me straight anxiety
played over 120 shows in 2008. Happy New Year!
i was in the 212
outstanding! Just shared with my homies on the east coast...laughing. Yes, pica pole backscratcher understood...
LOL! RT : I just saw my goldfish doing a P90X workout. I think I'm feeding them too much as well.
Scientists found that bacteria normally found in mouths can invade heart tissue, causing dangerous & lethal endocarditis. www.closys.com
RT : Oh, and big ups to the #WeAreFNX tag. Let's put that on everything.
Women just don't "get it".
oya sorry :p
Is there a renovation coming?
I wish I'd known more about Jamboree. I think it's probably more my 'speed' than NGS. Will go next year.
Back-to-back concert nights. At Showbox SODO now for "The Naked and Famous". Coldplay tomorrow. I can feel my batteries recharging :-)
: If this dude don't wake his vampire ass up... #comeonbruh im up GM son! (yawn) Happy Hour for Breakfast O_o
Facebook's "happening now" feature will increase the relevancy of the platform. It's a much-needed tool for them.
Everyone follow for #Quality tweets.
yeah lol. & I was talking to "M" but then I fell asleep and she got off & she not on & I couldn't say what i wanted :(
Ima need special treatment today- full body massage all that.
(Thomas Alva Edison) Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
thought that was re buying an organized religion without looking deeper. Seem to remember Campbell saying to moyers.
Never rule 'em out, 'burbs included! RT Getting ready to eat at restos in malls w/ and
#no u may not have my number
Help! I'm trapped in Union Station with a group of middle schoolers shouting about Twilight!
If you could make a wish for the world and have it come true, what would you wish?
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. The greatest mistake is giving up
Oh SHIT! I just heard FUTURE ON LION KING
So proud of my boyfran
MLIS Semester 3: Beginning Cataloging and Classification, Literacy and Learning and Organizational Management. Week two and still afloat...
You know we're going straight to hell.......but we'll have fun getting there
Love Alan Roach from Quite possibly my fav part of the Super Bowl
I agree I would love to work on (hint hint) but if I do, I have to stop eating Messican food! U have to be ripped!
Many people play sports bt i love to dance.
#FF the Twitter to my upcoming action film
bol thanks!! We love going to visit Santa. This was Otis' 5th year going! We're excited to share this tradition w/!
It's amazing how angry I can get in the .5 seconds it takes the car in front of me to realize the light is green.
Just saw cute couple working on Indy Living crossword Taste.
Granger is cute as fuuuuuuuck though
Thanks for the reTweet!
TOURE AGAIN!!! Just one more game and the premier cup is ManCity's!!! 1st title in over 40 years!
Thank you for the follow! Appreciate it!
You're right. Ron Paul looks like a man among lunatics.
I know todays gonna be a good day because I already lost 5 followers
Giants are dominating I can't believe Snchez has 8 k's and only th
*In the AS SEEN ON TV STORE* Me: "I've seen Justin Bieber on tv before! Where's he at?... OHH MY GOSH IT'S THE JONAS BROTHERS!"
My life sucks I'm done.
Hint #3: I am sometimes referred to as the Chinese version of the American staple, BBQ sauce
they were flare jeans. He looks really cool (for the 70s).
yeah! It was so full! I wish you couldve come!
People who spam need to realize that nobody is looking at their "newest banger" or "dope video". Take time to actually network.
very excited about some of the ideas floating around with and - should be a lot of fun.
LOL! Love your bio! To Oxford or not to Oxford, that is always a big question for me!
I'll start when I get people? JOIN THE CHAT(: posted link
your plan for today sounds like a god idea just FUDGE. Sorry to hear about the little one. Hope all is well soon.
Chipper Jones announced that he'll retire at season's end.
Kobe and the Lake Show are going down
Keeping really busy, couple logos and a website at the moment! Working with the wife has been pretty dang good so far.
Are you making a 4square trip around some town called DEG?
paying $3k is ridiculous. Thats the biggest impediment to producing world class players
Inspired by the Emily Couric Luncheon this afternoon. Amazing women leaders honored. The crowd was awesome
oops!!! see that? my twit right there will garnish a half-dozen new porn-twit spams at least. see you in April, I'm sure!!! gaf
See YOU Tuesday! :) You bring the party and I love that!
RT : $1 beers and #karaoke . #HappyHour all night. Huge Selection & speediest singer rotation!
what's a big shocker? why am i not in on it?
I think everybody can agree that, for one reason or another, we are all glad that Kate Upton isn't our sister!
McCain working with Dems on SuperPACs is big, both legislatively and campaign-wise this yr. Romney may have to weigh in.
Right now, more than anything, this country needs us to commit to each other. I <3 u ok? I <3 u alot. We have Obama's support
yo I better see you this Weekend!
Spinning live from haven lounge with adam foster on www.radio4by4.com
Dear restaurants: the #1 way to get on my shit-list isn't bad food, but lack of consistency. Don't wow me 1 day & then gross me out the next
Fuck All haters
Lets do it!
that's because we only understand winning and UConn basketball.
...happen if Obama and Carter ever duked it out.
We would love to see the banner we made you in the wild!! Send us a pick.
Drunk voicemail: someone misses me, the way I look into their eyes, and call them "baby." This person also thinks I'm on house arrest.
An Honest Hard Working Man or Woman Deserves A decent job, Affordable Housing and Healthcare. Whats the Future look like for You? Pissed OFF
Hey I will be at the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn tonight IN THE FLESH. So yeah, be there. I play at 7:30 my faithful followers!
sweet! Let me know and I can meet you for ones without the service charge!
Which in turn effects opportunities in the future. Too much emphasis on standardized test
It's really hard to sleep with a broken leg...can't find a comfortable position, not to mention the pain
Not only was I denied but a mole tells me they're cutting off the medieval line, calling a failed search, & switiching it to a DH job
If Edson Buddle decides to make a return to MLS, the LA Galaxy hold the right of first refusal.
yes that's her name lol she's was cute too. The other one didn't want to meet me lol
but I thrive better with a calendar like that. I love that you help me slow down at times. :)
hate to say it, but if you do something you know is wrong, you deserve every bad consequence that comes your way.
I'm pretty sure is the most BA person on TV. Can't wait to watch #fieldtest tonight!!
wtf is the world coming too!
I just made me some grits! man, these are soo good :))
Don't think so :( Pretty broke these days. Will you be there? Dallas is not all that far... have family there.
: Awesome having and working with us. They rock. -- damn straight they rock. Hope you're well.
Can u imagine Steve Jobs shut out? Not many great ideas have PRESS by their side or finances. Silently, many use personal funds.
your pretty! #NoHomo lol omg your #TeamChicago also...that's my city!
I think its kind of ridiculous how i have homework.....
#LETSGOHEAT Road WARRIORS!!!!
Just had a Mom's Organization hit us up on Twitter. What group do you run that we can provide appliance tips to?
I love my wife <3
Keynote from Shell highlights scale of energy challenge. Delivering energy to 9 bn ppl -- 3x energy demand by 2050.
I know it's coming, I just pray im alive for it when it does.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you. Frank Tyger
cause u bblack
We have made a TON of friends during Who's coming back this year? We are excited! Expect great promos from us this year!
Klecko was on cannonball run
RT - WIMA has learned that the Jacksonville Jaguars have released Elida/Mt. Union grad TE Kyle Miller as part of final cutdown
Dont hate on it waz an honest mistake you might think tht icant say tht cuz im new but i hppnd to me befor no hate plzz
Superb, quintessential Maraniss. Gotta love him!
[zz]The Most Important Algorithms (in CS and Math)  strongczq ...
Another day, and another low, for the worst vendor a company could ever have the miserable opportunity to work with. *golf clap*
#BIN meeting today!. See you there!
I need new texting buddies. Mfs text slow as hell....
you're welcome! thanks for the followback!
Damn I love Mrs. wrong..
My hairspray would leak in my gym bag and soak everything.
Thank you for the awesome piece on #DomesticDisobedience in ! See u there 3/15 from 5-9pm.
In almost-perfect harmony. LOL// RT : and have been the ebony and ivory of all morning
might anyone have step sheets and task cards for an elementary Glogster project? thanks for any resources...
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail scratching, with mama and daddy on high alert. They already know how to dash from cover to cover.
Is It Raining In Milwaukee?
Beautiful Booty :)
-- because World Wildlife Fund has WWF trademarked. Vince didn't want to fight them for the name.
you too Wayne.
Don't want tomorrow to be here..
Ask her to go out to have fun it's either im busy or no son
As you can see, only Bostonians tweet racist things.
The Bloody Irish Boys are looking for a good booking agent. Please spread the word.
just ridiculous drama & school in general.
Still dying...last night was a successful celebration of completing college
holy crap. Ew.
Stop the Ban on last night! A great piece, thanks fox 5! Great work! Anyone see us on KUSI or CW6?
EAD and the Global Information Environment. Join our discussion on the possibilities of EAD. Think outside the box! Thurs. 1:30-3.
- 60 Minutes has a profile/interview of Rahm Emanuel! So timely and original!
My Super Sweet 16! :) Love that show :D
$5 for tonight's Guilty Pleasures with the password: "You'gre gonna be okay... you're gonna be okay. Say the fucking words!"
not my fy!
you mean like broadcasted on albany student television?
Tyson Beckford: 'My sex tape isn't good': Model and actor says that he is "sad" about leak of footage.
Dancia Patrick is a Ok, a couple bonus points for her.
well you never know you can be a
He never said a mumbling word
Calipari won the sec 2 of three years and potentially sec tournament all 3 years. If he doesn't win COY something's wrong
mane u will have them krazy azz folks payin stupid $$$$ for them boxes
lol RT @ starbucks beverly hills you can come if u want
you bite your tongue chase buddies is illy
Don't be so ambiguous
Dang the penguins flyers game has a lot of fighting
home summer. summerhome. unpacking.
I'd slam her like a screen door. Unless she's one of those "MTV Moms" then I'm just kidding.
I love it! So weird & cool. Blooms every year for me. What a good little orchid.
RT : Releasing "Going Rog," memoir of my time as prez of "What's Happening!!!" fan club as ebook... // missed my chance.
Have a good weekend everyone!
my friends are now calling me bubbles...and some say that im a stalker
It just may be a lunatic you're looking for...
Thx Larry Williams for blog about #virtual #staging & referencng us! Congrats 2 u rankng TOP 25 #realtor teams n #Houston!
thanks girl miss you !
lol. Pls tell him she put herself in there. On more than one occasion!
watch the video !
Watch on Rachel vs. Guy!! #GoTeamGuy:)
At taco bell, yumm :]
God raise up messengers, like Paul, who build a grid in the church for prayer without ceasing. 1 Thes 5:17
11 different proteins in peanuts can cause reactions! Depending which proteins you react to may change your symptoms!
Having a leisurely last breakfast in Trinidad.... I'll get there when I get there
Trust me, there are mire than 12 people with extrodinary memories........& it's many times a curse. Up side? No need for photo albums.
Great, thanks for the earworm. Swiftly flows the day.
did your husband come with?
He spoke highly of you. He also will make the Philly trip. Now it's my turn with !!!
thanks for the follow!!!!
follow me lalalalal
I forgot how amazing Lord Of The Flies is
": we come from two different worlds "
Sushi birthday dinner with :)
Oh, I see how this chat room hashtag thing works now! Very cool! You guys rock. Can't wait for North & South Twitterfest.
oh hehehe...;) yes I'm sure there are!m m m
We have some extra San Diego Polo tickets (free 4 u) for Sunday. Great way to blend in some fun for the weekend! Reply or DM if interested.
I am the proudest, and probs the youngest fan I know.
you got it brudar!
Heavy night for Rob :) Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at PCH. Lesson by Rob and Alaina with DJ Rob. Bal II lessons start with Rob and Zoe 6:45!
Sunburn is never #fun or comfortable. *shaking my head* 
hate's it when businesses use social media for Spam..putting links on here that lead to browser warnings...smh
New music out now
mine had like 30 babies before she ran away
I hate commercials with a passion
. some of us stayed home and watched Scott Pilgrim alone. But if anyone wants to see Avengers with me, I'm up for it....
you are an inspiration to #10millionbeliebers and we all love you and support you! CONGRATS!! You deserve it! :)
Attending the session: Innovations, Trends and Partnerships Using Online Tools
You should be with me long term.. ;)
Think you have what it takes to be a Hustler Honey??!!Come to our weekly Amateur Contest tonight and you could WIN $1000 in Cash & Prizes!
RT : A1: After working w/ her on several projects, my color consultant referred me to one of my best clients.
i remember when he had 50,000 followers & i remember when he made his first utube video been here since the start love you <3
Yeah! Taco Tuesdays! :D
Stan should shake hands with some Head & Shoulders. It's a disasta!
Thanks for sharing!
RT : Savor the Flavor of Waukesha County food tasting event: 5/19 - Buy your tickets before they sell out!!...
Blake Griffin is the most overrated player in the NBA
Comes in battle ship grey, no ribs (girls are smooth), EPIC accessories work on it.
Looking for a job? Have amazing .NET openings in Chicago and Area. Apply to:
well at least i got to keep my zodiactical sign...i'm still in the brotherhooded order of the arrow wielding horse/man hybrid..
well bye guyz i am going 2 a reserant ugh i dont really want 2 go but i hav 2 go but :( still
#Health #Tip: Yikes! Just 30 minutes of secondhand smoke a week can up your risk of stroke by 56%!
Very soon. We are setting up an LA show right now! Tell all your friends to come out and we'll have a great time!
Sent beats!!
gonna be at Turf Club in St Paul MN this friday!!!
Despite all the buzz about social media, email is still the top channel for most marketers...
If u go on YouTube n look up Harry styles crying over hate it's so sad I cried twice
i just watched that too!!! I love that movie<3
So wish my body didnt reject piercings I want my lip pierced... :(
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or
Do you think that if a player has a history of concussions it should affect his draft status?
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.  Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!
I signed up :)
Total letdown, but the Brewers will prevail. The citizens of Milwaukee will NOT allow their team to lose a game 5. Too much love.
this, kids, is the power of Twitter. find an RT out of nowhere about someone backing kickstarter campaigns. mention mine. get funded. BANG.
if you have any photos of your party at Orange Groves Villa, please upload them to the guest photos album
I told them not to serve you...
Ha! He has too many songs mixed in one. This song is some trash
soon as we solidify our director dates will be announced, but most likely early to mid fall: )
RT : The Yankees and Red Sox are both 0-2 this season for the 1st time since 1980. ---> Wow that's a stat
Really loving 103.3 out of baton rouge. The 80s tunes, including current Timmy T track, are great to hear once in a while.
Youre not that cool yet lol
In reference to which tweet? I'm currently on the 21. Hahaha.
Whasssssupp #MHCCIM???!!!! Can I get an RT???!!! Who's goin to the volleyball game tonight at Mt Hood? I'm shooting on the strobes! ;-)
To all our friends and family, have a Blessed and Happy Thanksgiving!!!`
There's something so fabulous about a perfectly worn pair of cowboy boots.
Thot if my cell phone was no longer good for calls i would just use it as a camera with memory card.
hey buddy, what's up? :D
no school ALL week ( :
Thank god your here! ^_^
when I looked online it said the show was the 17th of no, are you sure its this Tuesday?
PS: That poor mom with her sons photo all over fb. I've seen that photo on my timeline many times. :(
HAHAHAHA Barry Manilow was my favorite sing-a-long years ago, had all his records! NOW he makes me smile at my silly self :+D
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 6
For every person seeking greatness, there are dozens charged with safeguarding mediocrity. Randy Gage
The Steel Hurtin and B-Unit head off to Lancaster PA to play Dutchland this weekend! Wish them luck!!!
#whenwillyou realize that you're the shit and deserve better?
At the #beanpot too bad #Northeastern is down by 1. Go Huskies!
I look forward to it!
40% of my followers are people and bands I don't know, 40% are bots posing as porn stars, and the final 20% are actually people I know :P
We bake the way trains
aah, right-o. Thanks. Have a good one!
do u know where i can find more info about him friends ryan and chaz ? tnks a lot
did you hear about reported gunman at vatech?
Staring out my window watching the hail come down. Sigh.
RT ": Us Miami girls are well rounded " Including in the waist for some.
lmao i suck at this twitter thing.
Damn trains in Waukesha!!
I can't unless u follow me.... But u can unfollow me right after if u need to..
#thatawkwardmoment when someone is trying to have a conversation with you but your to busy twittering....
Braxton Family Values Reunion!!
oh man yeah!
my money is on cold wings at the lunch meeting. i wanted to puke just smelling that crap.
Man She Can Get It ALL
First day in my new office space - Very Refreshing. Still trying to get organized.
Awee , get yo' dollas!<3 RT I'm not into the whole Drag Scene, but I can't wait to go and support perform.<:
husband is diabetic, been there. Hope yr OK.
was up lil bro was the move
asdfghjkl i know! i wanna go so bad :/
Dayyam!!! Bieber is bad luck!
told me to follow you!
Pitchers of Newcastle Brown Ale and Sierra Nevada for free. IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?!?!?!
you see the #Bills are 0-5 also wtf?
Lola!!! Yea, I'm in love with her too ;)
Looking at this pretty rose someone gave me :-)
Steve Moore is killin' it tonight! Good job #32!
hey i been bowin yo phone up nigga where u been bro
Wow, #Volkswagen really knows how to do Superbowl Ads. Star Wars & Dogs, that's gotta be a success.
And most of all I appericate my mom :)
Inspire. Encourage. Lead.
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
#iloveitwhen I can act silly around my friends...and they stick around. Yey!
IWatching over my little kitten, Kilala, who came home from the vet's today. She's doing good, but very sleepy.
Aye world
you know who can beat the Kings right now? Ryan Getzlaf...in 3 minutes..
Waukesha Cty Exec to Kathy Nickolaus: "Resign or hand off duties to deputy clerk in upcoming #recall "
11 seems so far away
Uh oh Sun flares for 2 years.
It's Monday! Today we have Thomas and Dana available to tattoo after 2pm! As well, Nando has time after 6pm!
the same here im doin a play right know
yes, when we open this summer we will be updating our location instantly right here on twitter, which is also linked to FB!
do animals go to heaven?
Maci, ask them who lit it up today in the game!
Beautiful! Last night's sunset in Albany had such pretty clouds as well.
Oh Hey it's snowing
Can I say BS
Today is a new day. Although I miss you, I can't let that stop me.
Happy 18th Birthday Trayvon Martin  R.I.P Hun 
Found a number in the back of my shirt tonight..I didn't feel anyone touch me.. eek not sure if its creepy or just funny definite first
thanks for letting me know that. I love the feedback!!!
Felled trees, blinking traffic lights, sinkholes, etc.... tell about any #earthquake casualties you see
more tired than ever rite now...work 5-2 then home for a long nap. -_-
vanessa did they Puy something in myh hair?
alt-music took off, commercially, in the 90s. During the 80s, alt just wasn't getting press or hitting mainstream radio
Rt ": When people say their a "Thug" on twitter i sit here and laugh."them internet thugs...
I planned out summerfest week! Get excited!
It ain't raining down here yet but looks real suspect to...
Progression 2(A young playa)-I bump this bro
All measurements for the "Beach-Body Blast-Off" done! These women are ready to rock!
Of course he is!! It's awesome. RT : Woops I probably should have asked him first. I do hope he's ok with it.
En route to San Francisco!
you should go crash their prom!
Follow :D
"Okay shut off the game boy time for dinner." Ugh I'm in a battle! You can't just shut it off. Now wait and I'll save it after. Pokemon.
look at the bright side, at least you woke up.
Preview our new album!
This weather's about to separate the wheat bicyclists from the chaff bicyclists.
I am a vocab expert, but does anyone have a clue what #boomshakalaka means?
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby. ~Amy Spangler
I want clippers to win this one
I know, you were the smallest thing ever!
It's really amazing. I'm trying to get as much out of it as possible and yes, taking surfing lessons :)
Happy Valentine's Day from everyone here at Joint! Does anyone have any cool plans for today/tonight?
60 minutes blows my mind everytime
I'll email it to you what's your email?
Sad, but very true.
for following!
OH: They had no beer and one kid
Good Morning DC family...What are you doing this year to better your mind, body & soul...Are you working on you?
You know, Ivy's descent into drug addiction is almost as rapid as Jesse Spano's.
Fantasy draft-spawned rumor? Twitter starting to buzz that Peyton Manning is done for the year. Is it true? No idea. Hope not
when you play after the best band in Milwaukee, you get shit on
RT : There's no magic to running far...Endurance is mental strength. It's all about heart. -
Just finished another chapter! I'm one chapter away from completing Draft 3 in its entirety.
Waking up next to a beautiful girl, step outside & say hello to my beautiful world.
I'm gonna kill yuu
Road to Better Health.A basic understanding of Electrolytes and Water(macronutrients Flora)
looks like it. rt is this legit?
..., but this cab is my meal-ticket so I have to obey the rules.
My day is made I get to go see my niece Stella tomorrow :D
The real man that gets me will be a lucky mf!!!
me too
and I led the way to the fall of the the soviets in the #battleof84 ping pong match. This match lasted 38 hours We don't remember it
back to stm for the next two days
* Waiting for the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
if you're flirting with my ex, don't bother trying talk to me as if we're friends
Just received my first hand-written thank you card written apres-meeting. Nice touch.
Searching for a 16-22 year old pop singer to join a pop group in Boston, MA. Email
Pizza of the day: blackened chicken, roasted peppers, and sausage. Just $11 and free toasted ravioli if you mention tweet!
Dear annoying person. You have some TERRIBLE habits. Breathing is one of them.
Our 1000th follower, , who loves Kiss108FM just as much as she loves Adam Lambert. Thanks Mary for listening!! :)
If you ain't got it you ain't got it the theory is brilliant
Working on the new Verge website. Check later this week for the completed product!!
haha! Thank you! And yes you absolutely CAN have my autograph daaahhling 
for following ....also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience.
Bouta have a nice dinner wit the family tonight .
This shit is about 2 get real
Wow its so cold outside this morning the garden gnome is shivering. Last week he shaved the cat and made a fur coat for himself.
hell no. California sunshine forever.
Second Hand Smoke
Your avatar is gorgeous!
With a psychology degree.... sometimes I feel awful for having such an amazing family. I feel like I can't relate
San Diego fam law system is corrupt. Lori Love, Steve Doyne, private Jams Ashworth ruthless!! Fact. The one with $ will win. Children lose..
Good morning it's goona feel like VT in TX today!! Going to be in the 20's & mom said it might snow on Friday!! ;)
Yes! Many Fabulous Fashion Events in Chicago Coming Up! I'll be sure to email you them so we can meet up that way!(:
John Moon will lecture and give an historic photographic slideshow about the Port of Portland. 12/6, noon-1pm in the Rines Auditorium.
Hit carpenter in the neck....already been a hit batsmen benches woulda been warned...
CUTE! Black and yellow tips?
have fun getting tan :)
Congratulation to Monty Ball on being named a finalist for the Heisman. Is there room for one more in the football trophy case!
Why are you out there?
Rt if u will always support Selena Maria Gomez
Doing great! One half marathon down; another on the books and a new PR to boot.
he doesn't like it, so I was just thinking about an alternative that maybe my daughter would like too...
baby I miss you
Right. I can buy him not remembering - life is long, and he probably bullied others - but it clearly happened.
Come celebrate the win !
Working on an AWESOME new project that you will definitely be hearing more of!
This #Brewers game is so long, one of the interns from a local radio station just became full-time.
": u boys ready for saturday !!!" <---you already know G!!! #CirocSatrudays #LEGGO!
Happy Hump day kids! Splurge on lunch today! That should get you through.
same old. Give ANY other team our possession and shots and they win all the time. This springs collapse will take us down to 6th
When Library Journal reviews really diss, I've seen "Recommended for large collections with generous budgets."
smh I just realize how true that is. cause instead of typing something over I just used a screenshot smh
is that an old pic or did you get him back ? ?
You're welcome... thanks for watching!
remember I'm first in line for handouts
Dark Shadows was pretty good! a great vampire movie that would watch again unlike the overrated series which better not make any more.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. Marian Edelman
ya! Wat should we do
#WhatsAlottaMoney when you get it on the regular
Hey and ! Wish that you could post a list of wwe superstars who are on social networks. There are so many fakers !
oh, yes!! That will happen!!!
He knows I'm dedicated I'll go to war for his attention ;)
Last I checked I was! Hold on lemme see... Yep still alive! Lmao!
Anyone up for a brewery tour in Baltimore on Saturday, at 12:30pm? Also thinking about visiting after.
Great day of strength and conditioning. The guys really got after and got better today.
#Remix Rusko  Levitate Review + Tour + Skanker Video Contest
There's not a lot of "round and round" to be had: Xerox is woefully underpaying its employees at that rate.
why yes i did know that i'm the only girl around putting warrant and ray lamontagne on the same mix tape.
Saw "The Artist" with at the Academy tonight. Brilliant. Jean Dujardin is amazing and very dashing. See this movie.
Happy hump day, y'all. Anything interesting happening today?
Thanks for the RT guys! Appreciate it :D
oh then i'll come over and watch you unpack !
are you going to landmark so you can use your fancy punch card!?
tonights episode was SICK!!!! Finally a great episode.. What about Jasons visitor?!? OMG! What the F is Arlene going to do?
: Channing Tatum: i'm your husband, you were in a car accident.. Me: OK. #asdfghjkl :))))
Sweating my ass off waiting for mayday parade 
RT Your positive attitude can be contagious - infect the world around you this very day! ~ #quote Why not?
27 seconds remaining....FINS 60 BU 56!!! LETS GO FINS! Time to Finish!!
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live- G.Flaubert
can I make that wish come true?
can I get a birthday reply/retreat from The Iatola of RockinRolla? Goldberg still fears you!
damn it- we're never getting the website paid for...lol! Lucky you...make sure you don't mess my vacation time up this year. Lol/jk
Why r u upset?
Definite suicide
outer space hubble
Finally saw Bridesmaids last night. Loved the glamorous helicopter shots of...Milwaukee's three tall buildings.
good thing about the satanic ritual to bring your twitter into view.
Brah u Seen me ariler u walked right pass u dont want NO PARTS BRAH !
Another week to get better. Got lifting and conditioning today at 1:30pm and 5pm. Let's get after it again today.
Thanks for the RT
Just bought a camera.
just sent you the email! See you there!
RT : ..focus is education, distance learning or career development, follow HIMSS' She's tweeting live at
I'll give it my best but that could be a tad bit tough. Can we settle for watching the rest of the games for the season?
National Siblings day- however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
rt: Marketing your company and yourself is a 24/7 job. If you want time away from your job, you shouldn't own or lead a business
#yam "Think of your presentation as an analysis vs. a pitch" Edward Tufte
Nana Always turns a question into a speech >_<
David Stern?
Good Morning (:
: I always read the book before I see the movie. You get to know and love the characters a lot more intimately that way.
She the hoe everybody runs to for a quickie
What Tan, White and Blue all over? Your sad house! Let us make it happy!
This day  my day.
I like your tag! I'll be thinking of occasions to use it. Not tonight tho, as I'm only helping myself to more decaf tea & bed.
something different. Figured why not. Got you to click it ;)
(at mcdonalds) : can i get a mcdouggle?
It's so ridiculous...
auto black on black leather. About 155k. Open to offers
True!! RT : The best part about a picture is that it never changes, even when the people in it do.
I might try and fake that I'm sick in the morning just so I don't go to school......
I can't believe i studied 3 DAYS NON-STOP and still got this grade, I am not taking this I want a freakin' recount or something
you're too kind. I'm just excited to have you on board
Most #wikipedia articles begin as stubs, then grow steadily by community involvement
Hour ONE of the write-a-thon for 49 Writers. One cup of coffee down. 50 pages of revision and a magical ending to come.
For this Holiday season do remember that happiness and joy is created within us and shared among us in our spiritual and emotional world.
so sad I am missing you at #mw2012 <3
Ur welcome BITCH:)
8 is definitely better than 12.
This morning it was more jog than run. It's a process.
My brother is fat and runs out of breath so easy. It's so funny
certainly young man. I'm an addict. Try. Shut-up, Stop whining and get a life. I love Larry's books. Almost bought some boots
Good day twitter peeps
ha...perhaps...followers gain and regularly tweet to determined now .night last seminar media social a attended i #ashwednesday happy
Check out our website (www.richcomputerservices.com) with our newly uploaded TV commercial that's running locally in San Francisco!!!
hahahah yes exactly for at least 12 more minutes
#Hoosiers are 10-0! Holy f-balls! Going to be a great season!
I'm crying while listening to elt right now Wtf is wrong with me
so how the dudes in cali? (;
Off Twitter till the a.m.
i need someone to talk to
Oh that look like whats her name
To be a failure you have to be trying really hard, because it takes a lifetime to accomplish it.
Todays junior jerk, tomorrows senior partner
: that song trill it really is . I thought I was one of the few who knew SGP
Got to visit Pittsburgh today and #Pitt , went to Primanti Bros and had a sandwich and Yuengling. Living in PA for 2 yrs may not be so bad.
girl I done even know! What's up?
Congrats win at NYY! See ya Sat. 4/9 at home.
If you are not committing any sins, you are probably not having a lot of fun.
#YouUseToManyMeaninglessHashtags golf is better than you.
I'm going to take a guess that it's a or ?
Interactive tornado hunting via radar has begun.
of course they ain't crazy.
Tryn Get 400 Tweets. Im So Lame.
pip pip cherrio mate
I lose.
It would a been sad for his family lol
i accidently rted the wrong tweet so sorry. /:
I just went in on this project I better get an A
A simple touch and I'll get you to moan...
i'm voting, so where's my follow? c;
Love you too! Merry Xmas baby girl.
Starter jackets, please. RT If people are going to bring back the 90s don't bring back Dwayne Wayne glasses or Cross Colors.
Beep beep drive home safe tonight
Sometimes i wish i knew who i really am
Yaaayyy!!! PREDS win the series! Catfish on the ice & all! Pens have another win too: we live in HOPE! #TheFlower was in full bloom tonite!!
tonight just got real
i hope we get our projects back from coach drayton mines bad ass
Sheldon's correct, if you don't want something taken back you have to say "no backsies."
when are you going to follow me?<3(:
Getting higher than the Empire State...from the paint fumes in my car!
For those who wanna maybe, see my play live.. Stickaim? Or tinychat,
HA! Maybe it's a day off for you...the bright side!
FUCK , CUBS LOST IN THE FIRST GAME OF THE SEASON AND I PAID $90 TO GO SEE THEM LOSE , THE STORIE OF THE CUBS
done with exams.. summer it is!
writing abt clifton's best kept secret! all i can say is- bbq pulled pork topped hotdogs, smore sundaes & strawberry soda shakes.
so is this jesus cardenas or jose preciado? R u also consultants?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! :) <3
Dont you see the minutes faint / fade away / disappear / only to stay / forever
Chalk up the w. #locos wit the victory!
Huge showing tonight at #wineweb: and many others
wow.....that's deep!
Some really cool new menu items coming next week! Check this out...Roseda Beef Flat Iron w/ a crab infused butter for a cool little pop!
teacher : kat stand up Kat williams : b.tch i am standing up
designs done by Zane Cuts San Antonio,Tx!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers doing the job!
Want to know more about local pet events in ohio sign up for our e newsletter on our website WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org
I'm losing my MIND over here. OH NO IT'S NOT SCROBBLING nevermind
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I hope its great!!!
Me and feel nice. :)
Thx for the follow Josh, looking forward to your posts!
Off to school. (: Its been a while. Do you ever miss school?
Choices are endless. What would you CHOOSE to do if you knew you could not fail????
put them in the torture rack like lex luger. after? send me a pair of the entourages. right on playa.
could a huge fan get a rt
Email I think we can help you
HEY WAKE UP
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked "I am over 18 years of age."
It was a good perdormance! I might be the only one on ur timeline that liked it. RT : Oh no, I missed Nicki Minaj!
I take it You weren't feelin the jointz, that's ku Jus let me know something..
Not really a miracle... Bad defense by #packers. RT : Wow. A miracle catch for the Giants. That never happens.
I urge you to comment on that blog post. please correct them, it's possible none of their professors will
No Merisah's today, they're camping. :c But hopefully I'll find someone to hang with tonight to pass the time until tomorrow!! 
Less learning more earning......
My new favorite past time while driving is naming fellow drivers... Today I met nancy. Nancy is unable to find the gas peddle. Poor lady.
You want a girl who can cook & I want a boy who can treat me right.
Just had a great meeting with Stay tuned for a big announcement coming soon!
Congrats to on his one hundred grand win today!
when are u moving to the city? That's gon be hott!!!
Oh my gosh. Totally forgot about the time change. I'm going to be late for yoga!
Absolutely horrific. I'd be praising God for sparing me, but where would you start?
We would love to feature you in our men's section of our new women mag !!! Have a good day!
Thanks for teaching my dog to play with a stick. He now picks up sticks constantly. Lol!
it just got my feathers ruffled. I don't want to learn if my new peers will just tell me to quit, you know? Hmph.
love u too Jay ;)
Hey what's up guys? If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock. She's a sweetheart.
Chilling high
go away clouds!
Let the wedding festivities begin! Manis & pedis at #nails&company So excited for
": If you focus too much on your problems, you won't get to enjoy the good things in life."
Nicole, you twerp, you totally blew it tonight. Rachel totally blew us away - the choice was SO clear... Argh! Rachel rocked!
hahah yea. That Target is like my second home!
#Fml woke up and went to the bus stop waited there for like 20 mins and then found out theres no school cuase we don't have power -_-
The past three nights; I've sat in my room watching tv alone, the worst feeling is being alone. So sad.
if you don't like Jump Around by House of Pain... you don't like to have fun.
Its time to do an official interview for What's your email? Xoxo
had a great night with my boy <3
the full moon blues.
2 mistakes at the very end for both teams Nice job ATL
Your welcome!
Light Blue for men by Dolce and Gabbana smells amazing
Whenever a post on Facebook tells me to not keep scrolling, I always speed up my scrolling
Spending my day off with some friends. Summer weather! I love you all!
Having such a hard time getting into mirror traffic. It keeps reminding me I'm turning 37. Thanks malkmus. Here's another go.
G.M.N.I.: I just want to see my moms w/ everything she deserves before I leave this earth. It's one of my few dreams.
RT : My only fear is losing my mom.
Just saw Gordon from Sesame Street on an episode of Law & Order: SVU. He is not the serial killer, but I am still deeply unsettled.
#WhyNow? Why not now? Why wait to order those printed tees & embroidered polos you've been meaning too? Call us 877-244-8813
follow back
MT : Coates stresses importance of data triage: can't keep all the data created, if data not reused must be discarded
I SHOLL am
The Macy's Southridge Grand Opening shopping party is March 14! Or, wait until March 17 and meet "What Not To Wear" stylist Clinton Kelly :)
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.
Multi-Platinum, Grammy Award winner Usher will perform with the New York cast of "Fuerza Bruta" at the Daryl Roth Theatre on April 28. (P
Help us fund Vegan 101 series Season Two. www.indiegogo.com/joannemrose1 Take a look out our rewards!
You should see the entire email. I would share more, but this is a family-friendly Twitter account. (g)
Good morning! I'm taking a break from Italian today. Going with a turkey sub for lunch! #WIN. What are you having?
"Come on baby let brian show you what it feels like"
(((E))) sent me a message last night and I didn't answered it. Am getting tired of ppl only talking 2 me when ever it's convenient 4 them
Monday's Sports in Brief (The Associated Press)
how is ya lol!?
tel gabi said hello
Ah yes.. 12:41 as in 1241 (that road) in a town where I grew up. Its the address to the home I was raised in, where I am at this time.
Bad decision: Deciding it was ok to play #OldRepublic for a couple of hours before writing my diss. chapter. Now everything seems boring...
That awkward moment when an ugly person disses ugly people...
I think I'd take the under on that for ANY NL team
of the nonstop cry fest?? Me too! I just know that when they show all of the bodies that I'm going to lose it
how come everybody else always fucks up and tries to blame me
I'm about to just do it myseld
It's Impossible for me to listen to "Tiny Dancer" in my car and not pretend I'm on the tour bus with Stillwater
G.M.N.I.: How you act as an adult is a choice.
Way to go ! So proud of you!
Brrrrr, a pot of Jade Cloud with a bowl of Creamy Curry Carrot soup and a Grilled Veggie sandwich would hit the spot for lunch.
I need to find my jacket before I go to sleep, fuckkk.
Got some time? Come play games in #NetworkingUncommons! We've hacked our faves- Library Clue, ALA Apples to Apples, & more! 10am
it was good, wasn't it
sorry.. not feeling too great tonight :( we will make this up on cinco de drinko??
Went to home depot for a toilet seat an I bought a new toilet. WTF
Good Morning! I think I just went to sleep. Back up, busy day. Rainfall totals from NWB: Wx Office: 1.66" and Downtown: 1.85"
wondering every day if I will ever make it to the next.....Pretty much... So once my goal of meeting him is.... Im done.....
ok. now im out
Kerry responding to Romney is like mirror talking back to Romney
many of those on the committee to prep DSM-5 had or have very close rel with pharm industry. What U think will result.
#ChildHoodMovies - "The Parent Trap"
Haven't ate all day
I should drink more at work. Hiccup.
Cubs need to dump house there season is over!!
The Leedom 2012 Buy Here Pay Here World Convention is just 2 weeks away. Will you be attending?? We'll be there!
find your own sound.
lol indeed im hanging out with the folks in occupy toronto.. :) fun bunch of folks
really needs to sync notifications across clients, marking replies and DMs as read on four devices is getting a bit tedious.
LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?!x can't wait to hear them!
The most popular trend of 2010: incredulity. Really??? Seriously??? Really!?!?
Happy Monday! Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying this gorgeous weather.
Hey Holly! Been a few! How are you, Dave, and the boys?
Thank you always for your lovely
As I sit listening to Secretary Duncan, I am appreciative that education reform is a bipartisan issue.
saw that coming, he was due
so excited to get the sneak peak and help out with the collection!!!! #wine or #champagne lol!.xo
Looking forward to regional #GivingCircle gathering tomorrow!
Blizzard is god
Gotta say thanks to everyone I met on my journey from the bed to the bathroom last night. but, despite all your support, I couldn't make it.
Family is where the heart is.
My friend, thank YOU. Looking forward to singing your praises to future employers.
Mike Posner's cover of Stay Schemin is so good.
My college team, pro team, fantasy team and suicide pool team all won this weekend.
Finding it added about 5 years to my life, mental health-wise
I hate waiting on people, I have to go to work!
Bodyguard Nation provides Security Recruitment Services that do the job
I think you are just what I've been looking for...what you think?
Have u ever realize ur so call Haters thats always hating on u R usually the less 4tunate 1's aka the chicken heads,scrubs & the losers
Once a man has won a woman's love, the love is his forever. He can only lose the woman.
John Lynch on Junior #Seau: "He pushed me to be greater."
How was last night?
RT : Isn't Mifflin almost entirely trespassing >> Yes, but trespassing with keg stands.
I don't even care that you stole my rabbies!
Pat Smear on stage with Dave Grohl & co. to accept the Grammy (just wanted to tweet #PatSmear-!)
Well, , I may literally bring home the bacon.
haha ik bc people tweet about stupid stuff like I don't need to know everytime some1 is eating lol
Ravens vs. Browns @ 1:00 PM. Ravens can clinch playoff spot with win.
Sick today and things that annoy me have only been compounded 10 fold
Chicago producers, directors, & editors should really start treating their craft like a job and stop allowing themselves to get hustled.
Feels silly, but knowing booze is my number one weight nemesis, factoring the cals on my cocktails is helping.
Mine coming next Thursday. Go team!
that statement makes me feel as though I am in sone weird parallel dimension because it sure as hell doesn't match my reality
Earthquake check in! Any damage out there? My fam said they are ok. No tree across the yard like last time. SMH
Ok so I am winning an eBay auction for a new tt frame. Anyone need a size small Kuota Kalibur? I need to sell if I win the auction
Dear , thanks for the Advisory Panel invite(s). Also: my name isn't Molly.
can I just activate my phone already?
RT : "The healthcare law is unconstitutional and must be overturned." -- National Association of Funeral Directors
aaron.tv had a successful amount of kids on. thanks <3
#FaceTheNation was excellent last Sunday. Bob u did good. Definite hero!
Hey wat u think about a scrolling digital social media trinitron type of scoreboard #Wrigley ?
thank you Chirag, I have passed on the info to a friend who asked.
Line out in Bath 22
Love that my Son's Catholic School gets it ... It's Merry Christmas all around !!!
My favorite part of yesterday's City Club of Denver luncheon... Denver City Auditor Dennis Gallagher's singing the Alfred Packer song!
we had a blast :) thanks!!
#FF - progressive American sportswear
very nice gallery....
I sure miss tax refunds.... #grateful It could have been much worse
Anyone going to the gaame?
it's just us. We are playing an 8 song set.
Hope the run is going well. Loved your provocative Coaches Gone Wild thread this week!
Oh. Mine your email reference for enthusiasts in certain areas and refer them to related projects.
Glamorously adorable. <<
RT : Hey #pdx did you know that has a new mobile app? It's cool (free!) and will even remember where you parked. :)
If you insist on using Papyrus in your presentation, I will spend your entire presentation evaluating your use of Papyrus.
A rainy day in LA, the Smiths, & coffee.
I HAD the life of ordinary, I spat that out.
.: SOPA debate wasn't just NorCal v SoCal, not just users rising up spontaneously. Bit of both.
i think Dr. King's dream is slowly being realized-people will be judged by the content of their tweets & posts
You're quite welcome, ! Looking forward to the event with you and
#thankgolditsfriday One more breakdown for the Dakota boys please, no soup for them.
Workout set on the calendar tomorrow for 6 am. Lord help me have the strength to get myself out the bed when my alarm rings.
why does it feel like friday
Thanks for the shoutout, Dan!
Santorum's the more genuine idiot. But I think he might be a (razor-thin) marginally better human being than Romney.
s/o to for the follow
Bed time! Ahh(: it feels good to finally go to sleep earlier than usual.
Flippin the fuck out because I just found out that I need steriod spinal injections! Yikes!!!
What a great day to be a Wisconsinite
FOR FREE!
#nowlistening #mm "Please Do Not Let Me Go" - contemplative singer-songwriter at its best.
Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
"Damn Yankees come here and they're like 'it's so hot, it's so humid'. You don't think it's humid in NY? You're right ON the water, idiot!"
Clearly you insult more than any. Does this mean you have no argument either?
TSA agent took everything out of backpack. Agent told him he could put everything back. Oh young padwon
If It Takes You This Long To See It , I'm Sorry I Haven't Made It Clear Enough .
Where do you find the most "news"? Facebook, Twitter, or other? Let us know!
I'm sorry but unless your playing for the buccos which isn't out of the question it's unacceptable
See y'all in 12 hours!
Lol is it really dat good..like how gud..
She and I are now going to meet monthly. Loads of cool possibilities. Gonna promo too. She's awesome.
Lmao she knows.
Hi Joey! How's it going?
you should have never let go ;)
College of St Rose on ProVision - how to have innovative pedagogy in a time of declining resources
Thanks a lot! It's going through the editing process right now!
got my lebrons best thing out of this day now need 2 make more money
Kali has made it home. His new and last home in Brooklyn with my roomie Talia and her dog, Nina. Thanks to Fritz for roadtripping with me!
I will keep tally by how many shoutouts I get :)
That was quick! ": End of Linsanity? Lin merch 50% off in NY stores
Do you think you're addicted to Facebook? What have you done to curb your habit?
Hey #PHX - we have a friend looking for some #tweetups anything going on out there?
No Bravo at this hotel! Ahh! Wishing I was watching the #realhousewives drama unfold / tweeting to win an ipad from (@ Hampton Inn)
WE GRIND HARD
We like hearing that! RT : I'm gonna live at Powell Library this quarter.
A big TX good morning to ya'll! Texas...where "ya'll" still reigns supreme.
Boy we was representin Florida in GA last night
yes, I'm still up. yes, I'm still working. :/
Ohh Thats soo cool girl! I play the guitar :]] and Aleks has a really good voice :] XoXo.
You can't even save me a piece?
we need to send Dan off in style. What should we do?
Haha yeah, hopefully Publix doesn't mind us using their carts for this week.
To the store I go!
Im going to start
what you think about Hook Mitchell?
#AskAlexConstancio first thing you notice about a girl?
Its really hard out here ": I CAN APPLY FOR FOOD STAMPS IN THE FALL! PRAISE JESUS "
haha i want him to notice me but i dont know if thats cute :p
Fresno CA
Utah State's kicker is NOW qualified to play for the Broncos
she's not answering me - you ask her lol
The NeverEnding Story
I love strawberries.
Can't go wrong following publishers' specs.
May 2nd 9 day and May 3 9 week eve. salesperson real estate classes coming up! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM! Get your license with Tucker!
Good Morning Twitches
#IWishIHad a way to make it Summer now so this ominous feeling of snow coming back will be gone for good.
we can hooks it up. Just hit us back when you know what you want to find out how to get it.
What's it gonna be and where.": - Tru That : ) . hey iM bout 02 get a Tatto iTs gunna be mad fresh"
plus it could be in there or a month or longer if he was burning stored fat
lean legs pyramid!
If you could be any other animal, what would you be?? Speak up!!
"Art takes many forms. It's not always just photography or print; it can be in a martini as well." #ARTINI at The Corcoran March 31
i hate watching "never say never" and i hate watching "journey to fearless".
Hi Will, I'm I'm guest tweeter for I like your tweet. I can associate w/ it
If you are sitting at a bar, working on your Mac laptop and drinking a glass of white wine, just know I AM judging you. Hard.
you must be tryna get lit up you ol Jive turkey!
Myrtle beach kinda weak tonite
anyone on Richmond other than Brown worth paying close attention to?
having a good day so far..
Yes it would! ;P RT : That would look hot on you!
My boobs look Awesome in this new bra~! #ThatShouldGetMeAFewFollowersToPassTheBadNumber #TheyReallyDo~!
So Albuquerque... Whats up?
Wilhelm Tell Pageant is this weekend in New Glarus. Can't decide whether to go? Our story last year on the abridged version...
Some people want to blame God for the whole male/female concept, but I'm pretty sure it's one of those ideas that came out of a committee.
Congratulations and thanks to the organizers and speakers for an excellent afternoon at #gravityfree !
You are very welcome, Eric! We're so glad you're enjoying the course. Let us know what you think about the Android app and...
the whole purpose of what we're doing is to help rebuild and reshape the area and ultimately bring positive attn!
HEY I NEED TO POOP ON YOU
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana plaster contractors, indiana dryvit companies, indiana eifs companies
Me too!`
So nice that I was surrounded by POSITIVE people last night that make me laugh instead of fakey weirdo bitches.
Happy Friday! RT : Happy
: #okcthunder Charles Barkley: "OKC is going to win it. It's just a matter of (whether) it's four games or five games." duh
Watching movies with Dominic
as in an interstitial series? That's a goal :) let's email. Dm me your direct email so we can chat more in depth
I just got the weirdest & most hilarious voicemail from a restricted number ! Some dude sang a 3 minute remix of YMCA(:
Carol Shelby died!
Glad you made it home safely! Looking forward to seeing you both SOON! Thanks for the Congratulations!
i kinda like both NYR/NJD so i haven't decided who to go for.
Beautiful day in #Texas!
I'm doing alright. figuring out a new job. how you been lately?
Psst! Want a backstage peek at a Reman U issue from idea to inbox? It even includes some exciting &
yes feeling better thanks sis
you can get a massage any age. We recommend starting off at 8 years old
"Bless" you, lol! We still have Wednesday!
Gimme a "like" if you have a big ol Van Halen hangover! JK
HA!!! RT : I swear virtual meetings = me not paying attention... until they call my name then I ask them to repeat the question lol
Tonight's the BIG Night - Here Comes Supermoon. Last time the moon was that huge is 18 years ago. The biggest moon tonight.
took a sleeping pill
&  thanks for the RT
Good luck with the Rangers. Maybe is a Texas fan and you'll have better luck getting a hold of him
thanks for the love and support!
When your 16 month old baby is sick, sometimes a seseme street marathon is the best medicine.
Oh, my. You all are a morbid lot.
No problem, I guess they are expecting rain!
3 somes every night fuck it let the dice roll.
Don't be fooled by your emptiness.<3
we can party in the corn fields!(:
My new hero: man on the metro with a yellow nike shellsuit, roll neck jumper and a sea captain's hat.
nyc was wonderful, happy spring! :) howve u been; tell me bout urself?
What if HIMYM ends with this story being told to the kids before their mothers funeral?
Busy day. Two concerts and a callback. Had a great weekend beach and premiere on Sunday.
Club Rejectz n Full Throttle bar Tonite!!!
Of course! RT : from their accent, Celine nanos, and chauffeured Porche I'd say lucky foreign students : )
Sex unforgettable, yeah I work miricles, I'm tasty...  - Pink Dollaz
Im not obsessive over my boyfriend, sorry i see other couples acting all cute. it makes me miss you.
I'm glad that the one thing in the world we disagree on is our taste in women. Good thing you were never my wingman.
Great line by Charles, lehigh probably played on TruTV RT : Does Kenny Smith know that Duke probably had 10 films on Lehigh?
hmm, does that include our supergroup? is our music any good?
YES IM PISSED!!!
Tasks for today: copy edits and more copy edits. *sigh*
All carbohydrates are sugar. A bowl of oatmeal is a bowl of sugar no matter what you add to it.
great to see you last week @ brkfst..would like continue our discussion and connect w/your new guy.
:( I got it gees sorry then
Cool screen name! Just wanted to ask you since you live in ireland wanted to know cool areas. Never been heard its beautiful
cooking my famous Mexican rice
2012 my friend.
Drink because you are happy, but never because you are miserable. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
- buuaahhh!!! gotta love the way you think on that one! I almost took that to Facebook and acted as if it were mine.(NOT!)
Holy shit intense
and baby you know i dont have much time cuz my practises starts 4pm......... and i rlly have to go now:(
Just realized I have a 12-hour school/work day ahead of me on 4 hours of sleep :( But seeing & crew last night was worth it :)
U R Welcome
"Sexy doesn't have to be a tan blonde girl showing off her goodies." - Hayley Williams (SPIN 7/10)
"Karl Rove-Linked Group Targets 'Celebrity' Obama" #huffpost Because US Presidents are usually unknown.
oh shit, that means all hell is going to break loose!
W Hotels Worldwide and Design Miami/ Basel Announce the Winners of the 2012 W Hotels Designers of the Future Award
Congratulations on the funding. We're incredibly excited to see what the future holds for you. Best of luck!
That's what that is
good. been suffering bad allergies but good.
Checking him out Now. Thanks.
Listening to Nightwish's Imaginaerum. Really wish I had Pip William's job right now! Guess I'll settle with orchestrating for Symfinity.
no doubt
WHAT? HOLMGREN WASN'T ON THE FIELD FOR THE FIRST MINI-CAMP PRACTICE?? HE'S JUST COLLECTING CHECKS!!!
Getting pumped up about the Ampeg GVT5-110 giveaway! Are you?
Lmao. Damn shame. We kept seeing yo drunk ass everywhere we walked on mifflin. I seen like 5 arrests happen in that timeframe
IM JUST FANTASTIC! But no I'm okay
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
Happy Veteran's day, we would like to Thank each and every Veteran. There are no words to describe the appreciation for...
amen to that
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. i love your videos and i hope you will follow me back. =)
'Where is the Halloween Party?'
Normal is relative. :)
On a busman's holiday today. Fun to be surrounded by school groups reading labels.
Hey we're from Portland! And that's a great review. Congrats to Ben!
I am now going to use the phrase "battle dress" as often as possible.
is getting interviewed for #Star #Wars documentary next weekend!
:) I live to serve!
are you ignoring me? LOL. dms. (:
You dont just wake up successful. You have to work for it.
just like there is no sex in the champagne room
#moviethingstodobeforedie something like "COOL GUYS DON'T LOOK AT EXPLOSIONS"
Husband is back from Turkey tomorrow evening. I think Sunday is a perfect day for a book, some iced tea, and the beach. I hope he agrees.
thanks, Matt :) It has been tough, esp since Im a lefty & it was my left that was injured. Everything is hard to do right handed
A: April 10 - details tba soon : Hi. Q: Do you know when DVD is going to be release? Thanks.
I love my president!
We just want you to know we're fans for life <3 no lie!
HI-LARIOUS AND SO TRUE RT : You read The Hunger Games before everyone else? Aren't you a Hunger Games hipster.
This is quite the heartbreak, but I still love my Aztecs. It happens. The tournament is all that matters anyway.
now i am heading to cedar point to go have fun
#birthdayshoutout goes out to my FRONT...MY ACE
me too
Brendan O'Rourke verdict about to be read in Vista.
Britney Spears song "Gimmie More" song sounds like she's saying "Demi Moore"...lol
KKTNY tonight can't wait!
Pam Satran's new book "How Not To Act Old" reviewed in Wall St. Journal, snickers galore, 50ladies, lose the redhats & watches, must read!
Remember the dog held for a payment - then killed? Justice for Jagger - the story coming up -- Only on KOIN-TV
I once saw #angel shoot a 10 on a par 5 10th hole. He was mad to lose money to
thank YOU!! <3
I woke up to a private call, telling me to be careful I might see him!! Wtf!!!!! Why can't people leave me alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was nice seeing tonight doing better than ever :) I missed him :} *
Faculty Forum tomorrow (5/2) at 1:30 in Johnson Center Room 327. Want to gauge support for an Open Access pub fund for Mason authors.
Laundry at our house is a constant, daily chore. Like doing the dishes. It never freaking ends.
that's y its a shout out stoop
Here let me just upload a picture of me tanning half naked
hahahaa yes, I just turned it. No worries! I get it a lot ! :p
it's important please call me
your welcome 
Would like to thank all of my new followers for following me :) I'll do my best to follow you all back in the next day or two!
Thanx for liking my fan page! You Rock!!!
Good music, good people, good weather, good day at the Riverdale MD Arts Fest...thank you for your hospitality
has amazing skin. Mm.
did you go to the game today?
ya boy d dolla is on twitter finally. watz gud
srry i fell asleep i forgot to tell u love
Hahaha check ur text RT : pick up, too much classical right now
morning folks
eat her till she cry call that wine and dine!
haha nah its cool I was just saying
its funny how as soon as i see Cool Whip trending i automatically think of Stewie on Family Guy lol (ik u like tht show) :)
I'm eating Halloween candy already. Not a good sign.
Spy hunter pinball or arcade machine? Love the music on them both!
Awesome! Agree. Fun to follow careers of these great guys.
Jeepers man! This guy David Vidal is really good! he's here til about 730 tonight. Come join us if you get a chance.
BUMPER STICKER - "You have to be present to succeed." Showing up and working hard is 99% of success. DO IT TODAY!
okay, yea me either...whats yours on?
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
respect to Indiana Jones
It's going to be a great week. Let's make it happen.
Watching Dan Wheldon's memorial service. Sheesh, heart wrenching.
I hope the girls down the hall are at least hot, because judging by the daily smoke detector alarms, they're too stupid to cook.
sounds like they already got ur attention too much of it !!!
No! is speaking on May 7 but it's already sold out!
#thingsthatpissmeoff when i'm doing something and someone tells me to do something else.
This sucks
People come and people go...people also pass out while having anal sex...
Darn tootin' - I caught the fishing bug after movin back here. Would love to hook up soon no matter what.
thts fine with me! I can be ur it girl!(:
thank you a ton!!!
very cool to watch overijse on live tv last sun with , lars michaelsen next goal, live in belgium.
"I thought Jason kidd lived in dallas... what are you doing in new York."
Brewer game for Lindseys birthday and to celebrate the life of the Macho Man Randy Savage.
50% of world's population is under 30 yrs old. Gen Y & Z consider email passe, fastest growing FB audience: over 55 & women. cc'
Why thank u we try
EVERYBODY CHECK MANEMANMUSIC OUT HE SPIT HOT FIRE : - ) *christina the cuban*
off to a great start.
Where are you? All you piggies ready for tomorrow?
He is in Jacksonville BUT will relo! Thaks so much for your reply.
Super cool... thanks for sharing even more!
Fear prefers us uncomfortable and lonely so it can do its best work.
I'll re-record it some time.
Mike Brown <<<
Do you know what was delightful #reading? CRUSH: THE THEORY, PRACTICE &DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF LOVE by Gary Paulsen. Cover is 2 young, tho
We will miss you too Jen! RT : This was an amazing day. Cantata Singers, I will miss you.
I'll be out in a few weeks for work. I'll leave your sandwich at the Rocky statue. Congratulations.
just worked at 8 and a half hour shift. jealous?
2010 was tumultuous and successful. Happy New Year! I will be toasting with a bottle of Do u have a favorite champagne?
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.  Warren Buffett
Space heater, winter coats and hats, Arcade Fire, and working with
don't you say that i've gone crazy, because i haven't gone crazy yet. no i haven't gone crazy yet.
no really it's boring sometimes since I already know most of it but now I'm in honors biology and I like this class :{)
If had attended Mitt Romney's prep school, I wonder how Romney would have treated this kid, so different from all the others?
Anyone know what the subjects are tomorrow for westtest?
Alright alright alright (Kevin hart ) voice##
I'm going to plant Lavender in all of the empty containers in my backyard. its pretty, easy to maintain and spells good.
When satellite radio skips, why does it skip ahead of where it's supposed to be? How is that even possible?
#BCS talking seriously about a 4 team playoff in 2014.
The Actors' Lounge is going down Wednesday Night at 8:30! $5 admission at the door.
I hope everyone is having a great MLK weekend. I'm sitting in sunny Columbus getting ready to board a plane to FLA for a great video shoot.
Great great great worship this morning!!! :) #praiseHim #chapel #sogood!
Wow, I've been off twitter all day and I have to say, I'm extremely touched by all the well-wishes from my friends.
#neworleans #finalfour We have bought the entire in the French Quarter and we still have some king rooms left.
Connecting with people in the retail payments space. Looking forward to your tweets!
Thanks for the mention!
: Dear sleep, I know we had problems when I was younger, but now I love you...
Name the place and the time , i'm out for revenge...LOL!!!
aww no fair what time you off
Thank you Brandon...
Welcome to #edcampss teachers from Perth Amboy!! Excited to meet and share with you soon! #sschat cc
Someone just told me I remind them of Tina Fey. If it had been a man he'd be having sex right now.
haha thanks that was nice :-)
The jetlag won...
Um say what?
Test tweet from cell
can you link me and to Darren's penis? We need a laugh.
smoking on this shit same color as a mountain dew can
In Spanish, cant stay awake..
Me to!
thanks! I'll keep it in mind
Please stick to sports. Could care less about Chris Brown and Rihanna.
LOL RT I imagine a day when I won't have the entire east coast spoil a show for me before it airs...
not sure.. What her name was
Looks like I'm living out of my car...
Super thanks to I'm instantly addicted to
ROLL CALL! Who is coming out tomorrow?!
Ugh , finally off work my feet hurt. Del Taco then home to my love .
Just dissected a cows heart. It was so cool
Good question
I am enjoying a plate of Mandy's home made chicken chow mien!
Shout out to all the wonderful nurses out there!!!! Thank you for all you do!!!
I'm deff jealous of how pretty you are!! (:
Some pol just dnt know how it feels to have a mother that does nothing for yu unfortunately I'm one of those ppl
Why did this have to happen grrrrr
If I lived in California, I would be going to every single show possible.
Depeche Pie A'la Mode
Anyone know any good radio stations in Connecticut?
Attending for #Nonprofits - Google Analytics > How are people using your site from different devices?
What?? Coltrane on a jukebox?!? Where is this magical jukebox to be found?
I wanna SHOOT the next person who makes fun of my spanish!
It's raining...
Do you have an artist, or actor you would like to meet? Come meet them at Madame Tussauds. You wont believe what you will see.Tomorrow 2pm.
lol good luck
RT : So excited to be on your show this morning with
Your not being honest if your a guy and say miley cyrus is gross. No, she's bomb as fuck.
Are you still trying to craft an excuse to buy a tablet but dont know when youd use it? Read on to see when people use their mobile...
judging the life I live I'm not perfect and I don't live to be but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean
can't do it no more lol
have fun bro. Play some laser quest!
Damn it! Ruined part of the first part of the series finale of Desperate Housewives. So pissed.
let's make it live perhaps? KG said maybe in Ep. 11
My eyelashes burn for some reason ~.~
was it cold??
lol is that good? 
hope all is well, follow back so we can DM
Why does Governor-elect Walker oppose mass transit options? We are forced to buy cars w/o options.
now I see why you'd subtweet about her :P
Gaping Jaws Gary,I just haven't slept since our flight together.... ( ATL-AMS ..[..BOD]
either im getting sick or my allergies fucking suckk.
I watched Cheaper by the Dozen 2 yesterday! LOVED IT! So cute :)
College = the Hero's Journey. There are a lot of similarities!
#BreakingDawn. Not as fulfilling, feeling disappointed. My heart hurts.
working now, thanks!
Thank you for your reply.
AND for being Uncle Jesse!!! FWD: : Thanks for being such a good friend.
Just got back from scrappin at RSKA!
Thursday at 11: Kitchen Contamination
Got crushed at 12 hour 25/50 PLO session at bellagio. Played great... Except for the hands I got crushed in.
 Where is when i need a laugh follow her #teamfollowback
funny you should mention, video was next on our list. We will be sure to get in touch once we start putting it together!
Hey, I was going to send you a long form email but I figured I'd just ask on here: are you coming to the Loyola class reunion?
CARDIO INTERVALS ROCK!!!! DO THESE TO BURN FAT AND SHOCK THE BODY!!! JUST DID MINE FOR 45 MIN!!!
tuesday...flannagans. You in??
Hehe, new episode of Spongebob(: maybe Austin's watching it
#FF Cocktail Enthusiasts
Thanks! That is far more detail than I've found anywhere.
Hosting Sweet Social Mtg at Panera Citrus Heights, CA at 9am. Entrep Women...Meet me there!
you know it!
Not sure if I'd rather be napping or out Dyngusing... Both?
non-stop busy
#RT ; If You Single !
Should it pick random buzzwords?
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage. Mark Russell
Can't wait! You never dissapoint...
#YouWasCuteUntil You opened up your mouth
Life is a fast lane.
Applied for Hoping to make the cut.
it would make my world for you to say hello to me :) I'm so excited to hear you're working on a new album!
were thinkin of you sweetheart...
yess...i watch it last night justin....your in the x factor.....
If every tweet is "Check out my song..." people will unfollow you or build a tolerance to your promo and just start ignoring it.
Halloween stories every Saturday night in October at Stanley's Pumpkin Hollow in Hanson. 6 pm Save some time before or after your hayride.
my mom said yes about the pictures. When can we do them?
Mom was very upset and hurt at the assessment. She states I am not old, I will walk home if you leave me here. Advise?
Congratulations to all the runners of the Peachtree Road Race.
They backed it up. Time to head down the road to Foxboro
Only four? I would have thought collectively we'd gotten to five or so by now.
Just tuned into Coachella youtube stream, but already a big question: Why is Thom Yorke's ponytail not trending?
Ironing the super-rumpled collar of shirt for dinner tonight. Can't look shabby at , I got a rep to maintain there! :p
so then the next part is trickier - have these different threads converged on similar design approaches for a reason?
I've never cried watching a movie until now. Hachi was such a touching story.
oh ya, and btw, if you feel a panic attack coming on... DEAL WITH IT!!! Calling 911 will only stress you out more!
When girls wear snapbacks <
RT : Good lord, every rebound in this game is like a line-of-scrimmage play in the NFL. [thank the "just let them play" folks..]
see him if I don't want to. It gets old having to go every single time I'm apparently supposed to. He's an asshole anyways.
On my way back home the south was iight bout I'm city boy chi town here I com westside crazy
Bum day for the writer is a good day for the writing; it will be better for all the anguish.
That glory hog wouldn't miss this game for anything. Maybe unlimited texts for life.
on my way! Woo back to a dripping shower and Harry potter appliances/fishies!
Grocery shopping at the commissary is always an experience.
We know ur rich Mitt! Show us the taxes! It shouldn't b a big deal
Well I feel you on that but let's be real, Nas ain't never sold albums, lil' too late to try and be commercial (if you ask me)
Raining again...so my backyard is pretty much a forest by now.
"By the time the fool has learned the game, the players have dispersed"...Ashanti Proverb
In his defense, 18 year old's never listen. RT: Outgoing MSU guard Brandon Wood allegedly slapped an 18-year-old over the wekend.
Another football game called cause of the rain. #Marshall had a chance.
Make it 3 miles. Should be good and sore tomorrow.
that was fun :D i am now following 500 people!
the battery will no longer charge. What do you suggest?
thats so sad, i was prepared to lose ringer, but just assumed our gig was a go because it was packaged
Burger Up with my dad. It's fair to say its a man date.
woodys smelled crazy and everyone was in pajamas....
#bullying comes in all shapes and sizes, just like the people being affected by it. We have to come together and stop it!
It amazes me how many aspiring actors, producers, and writers I've met in the 3 months of living in the OC...WoW
Hungry & in the design district tonight ? Check out Gastropod next to Independent Thinkers: 222 NW 27th Street
Avatar: A Cinematic Masterpiece. Its about life, overcoming adversity, economic sustainability, drinking blue moons, and schmoking a j. -_-
i don't even know if i'm gonna watch it bro... where u gonna watch it??
Happy Mothers Dayto all of the Mothers out there and also to the single Fathers who play both roles 
Why do people that claim to hate licorice keep drinking my expensive gifted absinthe? You don't even like it!
RT . Finally get to debut my Nick Leddy jersey tonight thanks &
No seriously, why is it impossible to find an actual, physical calendar in a store?!
Yea to u Ari might just be some random person, but to her Arianators she's our everything! <3
"Say it ain't so, Joe", sound familiar? Fox had to go to break there so Joe Buck could apply some lip gloss for Favre.
hope you are doing awesome!
28 days later zombies are ze best zombies.
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and out-hustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too. Nice trifecta.
Sausage, eggs, bagels, ham, coffe, sunny d, bananas, apples Mr. Martin makes a pretty bomb dig breakfast
MT Next time u go anywhere/do anything, pretend you're in a Tarantino movie. Makes even the mundane trip to the supermarket fun.
wow, this cough syrup is no joke. my bones itch.
Keep a well balanced diet high in Vitamin C, protein and zinc to speed up your recovery post surgery.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 73
Dinner for schmucks is the stupidist movie ever .. Why they Still make movies like this ? Ridicilous
haha all good. First 2yrs I was at altoona, then sutton court, park hill, and finally NIttany crossing. Never live that far! Haha
Hey, Kathryn! I'm bummed I haven't gotten to meet you yet. But that will all change soon!!
your right, you scared me for a sec
#followFriday, just followed 40 interesting people in RVA! go local is my theme this week, next week the world!
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
RT : Congratulations, , on your journey! You're right, it's the people (like you) who make it worth it.
Great news then irritating news, then more great news. First there was a mountain, then there was no mountain, then there is.
Am the young white mamba of my town jajajjaajjaa that's thruth!!
It's happy hour at #Xeroxdrupa hall 8b hurry over and have some fun with #Xerox at #drupa - we'd love to see you!
Cesar missing, tired legs, Vancouver's offense or just a bad day?
hope you have a fun baby shower  xoxo :)
just gonna sit here alone while everyone i go to school with gets high tonight ... -_-
My favorite dresses: #TinaFey and #EmmaStone Absolutely stunning!
RT : Although we're different, deep inside us, we're not that different at all. -Tarzan
DJ CBreezy on the ones and twos at the ND football stadium!!!
where the heck are you?
I love my girlfriend so much I can't put it into words she's the best girlfriend ever
yeah that's what I was thinking. Would you rather have Jose or jack? Or something else that nice?
thanks for the #FF :)
haha this is to silly!!! shitty now though bc man city has a huge advantage now
So mad that I'm sick- almost passed out at the 9 Eucharist this morning. Planted on the couch sending good vibes to you.
#AMAHigherEd schedule myths about the environment.
yeah what are you doing
remember when "Exclusive Interview" actually meant the interview was actually exclusive to that outlet?
aw babe, maybe sunday? ;)
I have no recollection of being read to by my parents after I learned to read. I was 3.
We are so ready for the Sworn In show! Can you say full set?
If you want to talk about, my inbox is always open.
oh yes definitely. Kanye is the authority on everything!
at 19$ what a steal!
Another ridiculously beautiful day in Albuquerque! I feel so bad for my friends in NYC!!
Really? I don't believe you.
Loving the Flow by Amazon app that recognizes the cover of books and lets you buy
So, I read The Hunger Games in about 5 hours. I do not get the investment in this book at all. Interesting idea but poor realization.
Good luck today! Thank you for having lunch with us at :)
What's happening? I'll tell youb whats happening. I'm shoving my face with breakfast burrito when i should be on a run right now!! :)
Bummed I missed #ExpChat. Next #allyquest episodes are filming in Yucatan #allyquest Will be covering the ancient Maya
Ok! I will watch and vote now. :)
thats great. I'm sure you would. I'm working for a minor league hockey team in NJ, if you ever want to talk give me a call
true, but I don't know how many people will still use it cause Twitter will most likely take off the other social media outlets
we are on KIRO7 with special news 3pm to 4pm before basketball...you have GOT to see what's about to hit!!! HEAVY RAIN again
Damn! You're living the good life I see. Those things are rare!
I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I actually miss reading theory.
Please pray for my best friend Hanna. Things are really hard for her & her whole family. We really appreciate it, thank you.
Heading into the city for my first audition of 2012. Kinda scary since its been a year without auditioning here...should be a fun day!
I woke up yesterday morning feeling very unsure about the #Caps. Dc sports fans are used to losing.
I miss you come back Columbia,MO Encore Encore Encore!!!!!!
hey youngster, u don't have time for a twitter party. U need to pick the best songs for u & we will like. #nextsuperstar!
thx for letting us charge our chevy volt @ ur maintenance garage during our stay in Tahoe inn. Few charging stations in area
Glad to know another inventor.
you talking about that ad on tv, or real life?
Wise words from "'Saying believable novel' is like a motel advertising 'clean rooms'. If you have to say it, it's a concern"
Why didn't i go far away for college again?
i love you follow me plisssssssssssssssssss 1
and to you, Fred!
Stop it! It is unacceptable for me scream with laughter while I am at work.
Later, I'm gon watch ALL of the "Harry Potter" movies for Lol. He's such a big fan of it lol.
been watching slightly in phone ....now on TV ....no offense again?? Good pitching by them???
Music fans all know that moment of finding a song or album of music that is exactly what they wanted to hear, but had no idea it yet existed
"The damage to the Fiat is unknown."-Favorite line in Vanity Fair May issue story on Italian mafia
Me ": Who trying to go out to eat deaux my treat !!"
I'm done with this semester #ThankGod & my bro For getting me through it
The fact that I didn't make 's Best of Baltimore list is further proof that everyone who is not me is a filthy bastard.
Thought this might interest for #productivity during your work day.
Heading to get my adderall refill before my benefits get cut. Bitch needs to focus in FA training!!! Okkkkrrr!!!
hang in there & make that #money sweetie! #love ya & call me
#fumble number two for the saints good defense lions let's go bitches
Very happy to read of the arrival of la petite Sarkozy, Giulia--may she have a long and happy life!
Filling out paperwork and dreaming of CXC-ing.
haven't had the opportunity yet man, but it's on my to do list for the day. Expect an e-mail soon!
Let myself catch up on sleep last night, so I didn't set an alarm. Wake up at 2.30 PM.
you're profile pic is REALLY awkward...just saying xD
can't wait to hear it so phsyced!
Never trust western union.
Can't wait to Watch!
what channel is it on
haha i cant stop playing this dang song!
- & Amy. Maybe you want to bring some of the others down?
I forget how peaceful & relaxing it is to fall asleep looking out at the city lights.
Yes, with O365 and / or a two factor authentication / VPN situation.
We would also like to welcome our Legal English group to Harriet Fulbright College!
WKU and Miss Valley St should both get permanent bans from the NCAA tourney after watching that game
What to do, what to do.
anything exciting planned for #Summer?
Got attacked once again by a freaking bird on my run. This time I think he actually tried to eat my head off. I HATE BIRDS!!
cool....keep pursuing it!
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to get some designs for digitizing or vector art from your side. Thanks, FRANK
let me know :)
Mother fuckers just don't understand
LOVE that picture.
That was lust.
Why is it that we only value/celebrate #care work when it is done in the confines of (white) reproduction/kinship?
Okay, I'm done tweeting this; time to get ready since I'm up presenting next!
is their Twitter. They aren't open yet!
well played. Send one over this way!
Bickleys class today...
elebrate and thank GOD for sending me a little BIG Brotha. My love to you... Another year to prosper, you got it so proud of you!
No! Not when it's a question I asked!
I mean these shorts were daisy dukes and hands down most homo thing I ever seen
#alicebucketlist take some time out of your day and RT this for a girl w/ cancer <3
it probably blew up my 4 mile run but it is better than you think.
OMG I need food...feeln bad again
I'm wondering what effect this will have on Rondo..
Well your words before were prophetic ... now they are down by 3.
why are you such a dork?!?! You keep making me love you more and more!!
watching parenthood and relaxing before going to bed and looked at the clock and didnt realize it was soo late lol
I am getting the resume looking pretty!
you were the first to respond!
What do coaches look for in a player? Don't just do one thing well, do many things well. goo.gl/U9ObJ
Thank you for such a great story about and
well imma put it like this. You like super nintendo, then you will like this one bro. Has some influences. The end. Lol.
Im going to smash my head into a fucking wall #fuck #hatemylife # pleasehelpme
I googled my name in Google News. Got 12,196 hits. From the past 24 hours.
Wow is going to make everyone almost die! Man I need more tissue!
Wearing my onesie all around Katy.
Huggies are awesome dude, its so comfty. Omg just kidding. xDD
That would be great. Dentists love my work in their offices:-) Can you DM your info? I'll mail somethings to you.
Thanks for sharing the Reality Changers story! That was a good turn for a great program!
yeah surf you're the G.O.A.T you should retire like Mook and ask for 25k.
is nice- why on earth does everyone think thats flirting?! thats a totally different level. be real people!!
God has something better for me than now
Wow 352! Well my #donation will be received with open arms. Can't wait to donate the sequels too.
More important: Where you eating while you're in C-Town?
you got a buzz yet, lol
People that just wont leave you alone<<<<
can't wait to see you at ! And Norman too! 
happy birthday to me
follow back!
be there in 10....
Walking and jogging in the sand for 2 miles has my legs quivering! Now I got to walk back 2 miles to get to my truck? GTBMC!!!
Like this-"We're trying 2 do smthing completely different, not bcuz it's different, but bcuz we're looking 4 different outcomes"
I love Chicago.
yall should definitely tell my frand happy birthday because GUESS WHAT its her bday
Who just took a three hour nap? This girl.
Thanks to Norfolk State, my bracket (and the rest of the planet?) is severely busted. Wow.
No... You an idiot HA HA HA. #ihatechu jkjk
Hey! ! Congratulations to you and The Team for Mission Drift's nomination! Well deserved!
Sad considering just came home frm winning road trip so early in season .5 games out of 1st. Angelos sux but players deserve better.
me and the kid i reaaalllly like are going to date, and he said we would be cute. i almost cried.
Whatever you do be a keeper of the OIL! It's what makes the difference.
#Spurs coach Gregg Popovich Named 2011-12 #NBA Coach of the Year
Wonder what's the story. RT Hmm ... getting a bunch of errors at Storify for the first time ... "overloaded" "404" error, etc
Thanks everyone who came out for Dare Project 19! We literally couldn't do this without you. Dare Project 20 will be in May. Stay tuned!
Damn #oomf is about to get in..
BTR is so 2010. Lol ah I need to show you good music :)
no one cares shut up
If you can talk on the phone while doing it, it's not exercise.
How has Ananda touch your life?
love youu too !
I am all about the fringe bags right now and fringe boots
Like my facebook page and recieve a free song download! Hit like and click the download free music bar to recieve your song.
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA! (key-r-a)
why thank you! :-*
End of 3rd period. trail Swarm 10-7. Colorado out shooting Minn 40-33. Score shouldn't be what it is!
You guys, whatever it is she's making, it looks epic! Awesome!
us directioners better get you and 1D to ATL!!
shopin in the morning. then going to the hospital to see my brother. you can pull thru brandon. rip rebecca.
I dont know about you guys, but I dont like stepping on broken glass, remember Mifflin during the block party is a glass free zone
I guess I can say this: I am passionately committed to being part of an open and affirming UMC congregation.
If anyone has a better strategy for using Klout, I'd love to hear it. Otherwise, I'mma keep on mashing buttons like it's Mortal Kombat.
Thanks to for the free download! Woah-oh, I'm in love!
Life can be a mystery - make it so, and join us for gala Edgar Awards night at the Grand Hyatt, NYC 4/26
RIP MCA. So sad.
Need a cup of tea, just instantly makes me warmer.
Happy Birthday!
Agreed. Loved the dog. Didn't connect. RT : Why did they have to tag on the star wars bit?
How about Congress making corporate america fiscally responsible and fighting terrorism where it lurks!! Just because BHO wants to hide his
A journey of a thousand miles begins with... a cup of coffee, for me anyway.
LOL RT : Making my famous 7-layer dip today. FYI it's not famous cuz it's good, it's famous cuz it made a sex tape with Ray J.
The only thing I trust a girl to drive is a shopping cart.
There's only one way to truly dispel any incorrect notions you may have about New Mexico: You have to come visit.
Hillel has been running weekly Shabbat services and meals for a number of years. Also 7 years of a balanced and growing budget.
Bring On Some Pie In a Few Hours!
The weekend, again? Whew! This week went quick! Who's up for a bottle of red and some omg's?
Happy Birthday
what was it
At the zoo reading the fun facts makes me think of #funfact warthogs can go 7 months without water.
Opinions to myself? Here y'know what. Your 22 right? Got "involved" with her. Now tell me THAT'S an opinion.
Connect with others! www.knowledgesafari.com Write reviews! Join us!
Nutty enough to be real. In an episode of "Community", they built a huge blanket fort. Wonder if that's where the idea came from.
Better get that commercial directed by and He watered his Chrimbus bush all season long.
Titus 2:11 For the grace of God has appeared that offers salvation to all people.
It's under Step 1 ... to get your stats printed on the cards select it as a Preferred Network or get the badge
It's summer!
Preparing for AB1103, California's new energy benchmarking requirements.
Where are you from?
Bennett: Almost all of times the state's intervened in a district and loaned money to district can be traced back to dist's own decisions.
your avi shows that you're 4x's a lady!
A good friend of mine is looking for a job in the title industry as a closing agent. 10+ yrs experience-ctct me if you know of anything.
: in Katy Already! You down the street ;) I spoke too soon Thunder just made it's presence! News said done by 7p
Oh no! I just noticed that my keyboard tray sounds like a goose honk when I lift my right hand. I wonder how long its done this.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.  Oscar Wilde
4:45 am... I should go sleep now lol RT What time do you have to wake up tomorrow for work? xoxo
It can't be 2012 already ....
| Time to reconnect and follow-up per our last meeting!
I'd like some tequila paco
We're pleading the 5th here. (-:
Wow really Beno make the free throws
Both, but often along the lines of improper letter formation, inability to stay on a line of paper, and getting progressively worse
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: P.J. Clarke's - Streeterville - Pub (live updates)
whoa. did he wake up? RT Will Rhymes passes out after getting hit by a pitch. That's a first
People gave me mostly alcohol this year. Hmm, I just don't know why?!? ;-)
Are there any good sites or books for tips on transcribing in script form? I'm trying to get used to writing full scripts for my pieces.
Yeah.... this was me. Beware coworkers :) RT OH: I'm already wireframing! We're making shit happen.
your such a liar
"my music is way out there- hard to describe- not accessible- but I would call it EMO". best guy impressing chick line ever!
Pianta: teachers' skills/knowledge on effective teacher-child interactions increased with professional development training
yeah, it's all built up over 2 games.. i gotta get it out. i cant say it on my other account.
Congratulations! MT It's official: I will be joining as a politics reporter!
We meet again - I am #nowfollowing you on
Radio personality: "Having a white out snow storm on MLK Day would be great. And fitting." Really? Really. Really!
Harold Battiste will be our October author night guest! Details as they become available....
No power... -_- well this sucks
Of course, that 1 goal separating us from the title needs to be scored by the league's 3rd-worst team, at the home of the champions-elect.
will read Lizza & agree legislative accomplishments exist. But, GOP obstruction not responsible 4 Geitner, Summers, & Immelt.
BJORK has a new song out called Virus, its an extended metaphor discussing loves likeness to a virus, which needs a host to propagate.
ahaha ima get it Thursday so it doesn't fade
Thank you for thinking me "stylish." Now when I hear the words "good taste" I will think of you.
hell no
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
#ThatOnePersonWho ruined your life because they are selfish...
Stop working on Mothers Day woman!!!!
Amazing how often 's name comes up in council candidate interviews. He's the measuring stick, for both friends and enemies.
RT : Keep the words flowing my friends! You can do this!! #dfwrhinos #nanowrimo Put #writeordie to good use...it will help!
You're welcome! Who did them?! :D
ohh ok then so i flew all the way out here for nun oh yeah its my birth day
and that's just one pair of Pointe shoes.....
Way to go John! : Getting updates on my kid's karate performance at Jr Olympics in Las Vegas. First round of kara- win!
not even close
About to take a shower in a minute
My moms making crab legs , STG - They Be BOMB ! Whose coming over 4 dinner : ) . Mhmm
haha, true that.
best quote of the day "If you dont like gay marriage then blame straight people. they keep having gay babies!"
#Thugg Out All Day
have fun at school<3 haha
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
How about Easter Basket? Mix of grass, lily, and vanilla or sugar cookie scent.
Congrats on the feature!
there are a few more up on my website :) I will be making more too!
That is one class act! What a godly man of integrity.
RT : Why can't we make the biz case that ppl w/ #disabilities can fill the looming talent shortage? - J. Robinson
Happy birthday to the wonderful !
Super rad band I'm proud to work with. You'll love em. (that show was tough to get through though). xo
I.. I don't know what to tweet
Summerhouse Five.
I like Jeff van Gundy he's funny
The Source on Monday at 5pm-6:30 will be holding a FREE "Acting for The Camera" workshop! Will be fun and informative! Open to everyone!
Thanks for that beautiful tweet! We too understand the power of prayer, and that's why we're building=> www.birdofprayer.org
Go to dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com to download the album - pay what you want, In Rainbows-style.
the finally got the sound system right. Sounds great, I can actually hear what is going on now! Sec 336 is happier.
?sup dude
no u cant go back. I kno what u need
i wear my shades so you dont see me lookin at her ass e__e
Brunch at brocach
that would rock. You should come to the drinkup!
but I'd comply. ;)
Interesting. Must be a small dog thing. We keep Foxy and Fawna naked while they are just chillin inside.
TNA Trying to bring back Myspace? WTF
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
yea i know:p it was in the 2nd floor in the library o.O
Something I learned recently: getting connected is great, but focus on being a connector of others too!
America's Got Talent 
omg the new spider-man movie looks like its gonna be amazing! but I'm gonna miss tobey mcguire,kirsten dunst, and james franco though.
congrats--that looks like a great job!
WAHHH!!! That's no giant baby. That's me sobbing hysterically cause you're not in the newsroom. Stay classy.
Make sure you tweet peeps check out my imdb page you can see my demo reel thank you all.
and unfortunately we need action and cooperation from politicians - often the most selfish, short-term people
: Today 7pm. Open scrimmage @ the AT&TCenter. Free 4 everybody! See you later!
damn! Cuz I was gonna say I feel like Jodi Foster on top of the pinball machine and the MaGoofs are holding me down!
#IWantYouTo see me
Every time shows a woman's dunk in the Top 10 a puppy dies
I am genuinely caught off guard by that statement. It's like the day we became too old for Sketchuan. Time flies!
Congratulations on receiving a job offer!
sorry for that retweet spam...but 's tweets are A+.
just did! No email...
I gotta hair cut!!!
I'm fine as long as I don't try to speak.
what!!! That'd be nuts. Let me know if that's for real and I'll hook you up!
you need to see the diffrence between love and hate bro I said I HATE you not I LOVE YOU get yo shit straight homie :)
well there you go! (:
Marquez is making it a fight!
aww. Well hopefully he starts tweeting again :)
how bout you shut up, cuz he's gonna be with me tomorrow
Continue to pray for Derrirck!
I wanna take care of you forever and for always
For inquiries, daily specials and private party bookings, please call us 559-761-0669 and we will gladly make arrangements for you:)
Awesomeness: 8th grade GIRL participating in the hackathon at living social!!
SO stoked to be a part of it :)
RT : Happy New Years! I'll confess, I wasn't such a fan of 2011. I'm so much more excited for this new one. Let's do this, guys.
Little sister driving... Josiah:"so this what it feels like when you're about to die. Clammy hands, sweating, freezing, hyperventilating..."
What's the action? There isn't one... It's a paradox!
RT : The key is to know when to drop out of a LI group thats not helping you.
lay them then bro.
I hate having end of the world dreams be scared to go bck to sleep lbs gnfbf lol
or is there something i'm missing one of you can help me understand? otherwise, back to facebook...
is pretty morbid Funny too.
time to cuddle up w. my blanket - Goodnight :)
kimberly ! I haven't seen you since a lifetime ago. Mesh ):
Drew, would be something. Expensive laundry bill...
here comes the bombing??
I can't get you off my mind. <3
This Song >
: If I was Coach Spoelstra I'd grab Lebron head band and say GO TO THE HOOP AND GET BUCKETS !!!!! That nigga would be bald
hah they are amazing in person! & no worries you'll met them! :D
what up dog
Yes! We can have a yearly ScotchGuard spraying ceremony.
Entertainment Tonight called the Italian cruise ship a "real-life" Titanic, cuz it was just like the movie but it HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE.
What is theatre?
2 weeks before classes begin! Need to change a class/build a schedule? The Registrar's schedule Builder app in the student center can help.
Home with a hurt back :/ hoping it gets better for the BEST PARTY IN DC tonight!!! Aka Helen Hayes awards!!
A free pizza at Papa Johns? Hell yeah!
Your everything to me <3 Your so amazing :)
thanks for the link to the wild fermentation book! just bought it
No. I actually shot him. I don't wanna go to jail, sheesh!!! :-P
Working like a dog. Ready for the day's Ciesta....and then back to the grind.
yes! I thought it was amazing. :) she's so hilarious, which is great considering the topics she normally writes about.
You shouldve seen the gang of showbiz reprobates who turned up at my pad after #concertforheroes ricky hatton is kipping on my sofa!
Boy, is it bleak out here on Twitter tonight! Tipsy Tuesday does not seem to be going well out there in the trenches.
Whats the biggest problem you think that needs to be solved between parents and teachers?
"We should B taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action."
oh my god, can't be more perfect ahahahah
Kobe is better than Lebron (so they say) but is Kobe better than Kevin ????
Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves.
Lies spread like your legs did.
So ageism is on the deck. Lots of "boomering" going on
RT : RT : "Women aren't a special interest group. We're half the human race." ~
Uh oh
first one of the season?
can u skype?!
Hanging with a old friend tomorrow super excited, we were best friends, inseparable, and I really hope we gain that friendship again. <3
thank you! Finally somebody is talking about tennis!!!!
Real Men don't wear Pink, they eat it .(;"
Site looks great. The post was quick and informative--coming from someone who's read tons about writing.
I don't want the uniform there! :D
RT : RT!! $1 to Share Our Strength and Action Against Hunger
Learning about the reproductive system in health,
Happy New Year!! :)
its sunday, officially.. monday? school.
RT : The attacks are part of the foreplay to the talks.
Met with this morning. Good view of the current market and left with a few good leads to follow-up on.
Sure thing! The Library LITES are hilarious. I think they can be excellent inspiration to some Bruin filmmakers.
What are you going to do with your extra hour today? We suggest taking that time to dive back into the book you've been reading!
Oh shit, it's Friday.
Thanks much for the follow! Any gigs there for 11 year old musicians?
The NFL's Most and Least Economically Savvy Franchises - Forbes onforb.es/oz6bjw
And so, the whirlwind begins. Wish me luck!
I miss your smile... I miss mine even more... #HowDidWeGetHere??!?!
Too bad the transporters won't be installed until Tuesday, eh? :)
Yay I got top 8 at TNR! Lots of fun. but im worn out. Night night world! z
The current location is the Ikea area near the water, in the Redhook section of Brooklyn!
watching Law & Order
The coffee in Seattle tastes suspiciously like the coffee everywhere else.
What's up with the leader boards? They appear to be inaccurate, reporting only a handful of donors for orgs that have dozens.
No, Reverb Nation, Good Evening does not want to submit for a chance to play at Warped Tour 2011, thank you.
I still need to do my science -.-
Having two tests tomorrow and one of them is in first period.
Sounds amazing! Gotta check it out.
me too what class you in?
awkward? or happy?
Beauty is not caused. It is.
I'm interested in you if I spend some money on u
: I bleed orange year round, but I pledge allegiance to the #BBN today! #SECAlways love and appreciate the support Go Cats!
What up, Canada! RT : best beer I've tasted in a while
thank you Robert!
Used, at various points, interviews, focus groups, and participant observation.
who isn't following ? Better start now :)
": He's fine, he's just soft" typical philadelphian
would so love to serve and please you mrs sandie
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
I miss you!! Lol;)
that's what's up brody
Ice cream with the family and grandparents @ Huddle's Frozen Yogurt
forget what they published a few months ago that seriously turned me off.
chemical dependencies
Yes it's really me! And thank you.
WAH DID YOU WATCH THE VAMP SHOW TONIGHT??!?! OMGOMGlol
you welcome, thats new hairstyle? nice :))
Attn people with couples avi's, just stop
Congratulations on the promotion of Jim Benson to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
good work today! could I get some lessons sometime?
damb forgot terry got a red
Editing video for a custom DVD project, encoding video clips for a website, then mastering some music from vinyl today.
#ItSeemsLike Yesterday I Was Chillin In My Kitten pj's Watching Blues Clues,Enoying My Life As A 4 Year Old
Congrats Bronze for Head Hunter!!
Ken Starr, you sonuva...
The Heat Smackin the Knicks lol and Baron Davis said they finna sweep the series lmfao wuta load of crap.
feeling really pregnant
Tnx for the RT and mention. Let me know if I can help with your family search Lots of stuff on my website www.unyg.com
on her birthday Keya's book will be released. There will be more plain truth in that than any previous..and it will get >>
our newest model
"Fiction is where you go to know you're not alone." Genuinely inspired by #ElizabethStrout's #penandpodium lecture last night.
Would like to talk with you about being interviewed on your radio show.
Follow , too. That's my App page. Woo hoo!
Church w/ my best friend in the morning :)
Doh! I thought we weren't friends on here anymore...glad I was wrong!!!
Best wishes to you and your husband while he recovers!
Dumbass phone wasn't updating tweets... sorry I didn't see these earlier. You might just be my new favorite person ever. ^_~
There's $$$ to be Made#AllDayEveryDay!!!
President doing a great job. Can tell by where "Wall Street" is putting its money.
Way to represent the Evergreen State!! Will stop by later on!
she won't be running with me until she's old enough for her rabies shot (4 mos). yeah, she's so cute I can't stand it.
Follow me....
what have we gotten ourselves into
Yay! Did I hear right that I missed seeing you again last Wednesday at Threadgills?
Attending the Idea Swap/shop abt education; excited 2 listen, learn, connect, collaborate
They must be almost unrecognizable!
wait, does this mean no new bev tonight?
How you gone watch TV with a dog that you don't like.
if I had to pick one, it would be have to be the acoustic version of "Hotel California"
NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER! They will never get it.
i'm so happy you guys are finally starting to crack america!!! i'm so upset i can't see you guys in NY ):
This SBS migration is going terribly slow.
On audio, THE LIGHTHOUSE LAND by Adrian McKinty, read by Gerard Doyle. Middle grades/YA SFF, very good so far.
As of 1:30 pm today the majority of buses are running on time, with possible minor delays due to weather and traffic conditions.
I'm hungry
so much amazing happens when you combine money + creativity + hedgehogs
thinks some Seattle trees are emitting spring fragrances.
: True, who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance. We say Rihanna.
Getting schedule ready for ISTE conference in Denver
So excited for formal tomorrow!
What time is Thursday's Ales from the Vault event for #ACBW?
American Taxidermy...another twisted show from Animal Planet.
it's not over
Helping to #EmpowerWomen - Everything will be alright in the end so if it's not alright it is not yet the end
I'm going to bed.Maybe the universe will right itself when I wake up. Night people, see you in my dreams S.Dash, G.Union, T.Braxton, Rihanna
Thanks for the double RT !!! I love your never ending generosity always. ;-)
Font abuse makes Arial grow on your palms.
omg Carlos Fuentes is dead. I was just talking about him.
At this hour here's how NW metro senators stand on stadium: Bonoff, Rest - Yes Eaton-lean Yes Limmer, Latz, Olson - Undecided Kruse-lean No
Rose: You got a love bite on your neck. Your life's goin' down the toilet!
You already winI'm not enough of a football fan to follow it until the games start. Just tell me will still have Peyton.
Cut impressions make confessions
No Message exist in your products advertisement list.
that's so close to me! If I didn't have this midterm I'd come hang!! Let's hang soon, tho!!
Today...I conquered technology.
Your Song
"Tell me who's doing something bad." - Me, to every person
me too. (-: Glad you took part. But sad you didn't come to massage my knee.
Way to Go Texans!!!!!!! Time now to rough up the Ravens.
it was trade , I felt weird being there
Ugh, I totally agree with this. It sucks to overlook an atrium!
it's pretty nice to see them still winning games convincingly despite the injuries. DRose looks like he's back anyway.
Don't forget the KPIG sticker, which is rarely seen next to the "W"
you better not have finished w/o me!!!
Great visit just now with Pomerico Builders and Marlowe Builders!
This also means that there will be a regular Geek Crash Course page in the magazine! More coming down the pipeline too!
He can follow the tweet stream via the hashtag #smbmad and #uwsocial. Maybe in the future we'll webcast!
T.G.I.F.! Friday, Friday, gotta get down at #Fridays! We're getting the party started with $4 #highballs, $4 Corona and MORE!
thats all you bro xD P.L.U.R.<3
If any teacher actually tries to do something today im just going to sleep......im looking at you Schwanacamp
Ain't been home since Saturday night... Smh
Thank you to everyone who's been following:) I appreciate it
How Raw?!
Judgement is the nature of religion. It's purpose is to condemn and divide. Of course Christ wasn't like that but...
Poor Tucker man is having some anxiety. He's been in my hip pocket all day and whining a bunch.
SmackDown 2.12.11 Mark Henry vs. Daniel Bryan (Steel Cage Match) The match for the title of World Champion in the heavyweight division!
You only live once that's the motto. YOLO
Need new albums on my sound deck... suggestions welcome!
it does make a good wife.
Expanding the capacity of leaders at all levels-The Leadership Learning Collaborative-www.leadershipRising.com. Course starts on Oct. 11th.
#LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone would make music instead of anger!!!
Fuck in the ear.
The #NRA #GOP #ALEC pushing guns into our people's lives reminds me of when the Brits shoved Opium down Chinese' throats.
I just e-mailed you at It will be easier for you to respond to me there. I appreciate your help.
God I miss Aaliyah...
Are you stocking up on products during #DoublePointsWeekend? Now thru Sun get 2x the #PurePrivilege points on all your purchases!
it will be commission based and a set amount for game day help.
you gonna be there Friday and Saturday too? Like hanging out not playing?
Yes! I will! I'll do it tonight after work.
not even close. They miss worse PI than that ALL the time. GREAT non call.
When the #wealthy pay their #FairShare: I call that #Shared Participation
I've had enough.
No nail lady I don't have any fingernails, I bit them all off before I got here. Discount?
i feel like when i tweet from this account it doesnt even count.. lol like its a fake account or something
I really am getting tired of seeing people being so mean to each other.
My cat enjoys licking my toes.. I wonder if he enjoys my obnoxious laugh too :)
i love reading the calgary herald! i moved to hawaii but my parents are still there!
Hi! Sorry, I am usually more responsive but I've been in training classes all week with no Internet! Yay for Twitter!! :)
at this moment i would like to be a fashion blogger GaG
I'm a straight up daddy's girl. <3
Damn that guy was flipping gorgeous , he was perfect.
good, i just got back from my boyfriends c: <333 you?
Explain how I got 3 tests tomorrow but tomorrow is Friday
We're so glad you're having fun with the Pirate course! :)
": RIP Steve Jobs"thanks for my air Steve. RIP
If you need any design work for your new range, feel free to contact me.
#BasicEconomics - People will demand more at lower prices and less at higher prices. If something is free, what will the demand be?
Peace and quiet. I like those moments.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen I drop a plate in the lunch room and the entire cafeteria claps...
Our new mattress just arrived, so freaking excited! We went with the Simmons NxG 300 Plush King. Duxiana lost out, so did Stearns & Foster.
thanks to everyone who came out to the CD release this weekend!
very nice! thx for passing on - Blooms analysis chart for integrated learning activities bit.ly/oRrugY
craft and commerce. 515
: We Hope Everyone Had OR Is Having A Blessed Morning
happy birthdaaaayyyy! Hope you have a good one, love you! :))
Go play RT : It's the first day of summer and national skateboard day. 100 kids now shredding at RPD mobile skate park on...
when I was 12 my friend and I prank called these girls blastn' "Bring Tha Noise" the PE & Anthrax track. They loved it
I know you're not supposed to fan girl over superheroes but seriously. If Thor had short dark hair...him and Iron Man 
did u install viber yet so I kan kall u
Thanks for the FF!!!!
I broke up with my sweety. I feel like an ass. :'( I am just not ready for a relationship. :'( Im not over Nathan.
Thanks for the #CPSC reminder to replace detector batteries this weekend #safety tip #daylightsavings is March 11
And I'm proud of that decision. I felt that I would have done a disservice to the state to vote in that instance
Taylor is legit. Therefore, your argument is invalid haters.
I just want to go back to sleep..
awkward because i go to lafayette...
You do the same Love
What's love got to do with it? Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken.
thanks for doing your part guys! <3
Oh, man. Smuggler's Cove. Enjoy. You weren't planning on doing anything Sunday morning, I hope?
OMG!! finally woke up(:
Happy Birthday Ms. Oprah! xoxoxo
I can't believe this is the last week of classes
I got NBA playoff fever!
their vegetarian buffet is outstanding. Abusing of stereotypes, I forgot I was eating vegetarian. Service is amazing, always
Today is the final day for Student Elections. If you haven't already voted, Go VOTE now!!! It literally takes under a minute.
omg austin looks so fucking cute omfg
#IlikeObamacare because obama is cool and I don't really care about politics. I am young with my future ahead of me so It doesn't effect me.
oh u shld let me give u my old meez 11daisy?she is so tottaly ur type emo and has bangs my smexy boo meez
re Sarah Phillips...I can't get over that we live in a world where is providing key evidence in the hijacking of
Sounds like you and I need to have a dutch bros. and killing spree day soon.
The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement. Anonymous
Will launch search for new CDO.
Whoah! I'm sorry you have to go through that. Q4
have any specials
we would make it so worth your while. We can pay you in rich experiences.
Really great! All the pieces are coming together nicely - now we just can't wait to see the questions that are submitted
in case you forgot - bombs kill. IF IDF died - then they died in the line of duty and will be mourned by the entire world.
Good time throwin a baseball with my new friend Justin tharp
Was having a good night. Then I watched the DS trailer. YUCK
Anna is snoring and twitching while she's taking her nap.
trying to concentrate on my homework & work on my new business/marketing plan, but i cant stop thinking about visiting???? hehehe! i luv it
All my friends talking about baby stuff still doesn't make me want a baby
My running group starts on the day it snows. I think there's a sign in there somewhere.
thank you for the RT! =)
Also, graph view has also recently been updated with progress bar during load and some minor graphical/functionality upgrades.
The hawk's played better tonight.....go heat!
Hey guys follow my instagram account i just made it and need help ok its stay_up_all_night_with nialler plzzz follow i need yalls help!
BBall league coaches/parents clinic successfully wrapped up today 2/ Drew Goodman & Gary Avischious as 2 of the featured speakers!
I'm surprised after two hours of brilliant writing, my heart didn't explode out of my chest.
"did you touch my drums?" "No" "why are you all sweaty?" "I was watching cops"...stepbrothers= the<3 of my life haha
ima clean my room today. for real. I keep putting it off.
kota says i'm "just conner to her" bitch please, i'm CONNER MOTHERFUCKING MURPHY.
AH! I can not explain so AMAZING you are!! I love you!! Your the best! Please notice that I've met you at California's AVP
Awesome! If you guys get any photos you are willing to share, let me know... I would love to include them in our gallery!
I Hate When Niggaz Act Irreplaceable
These powers can be a burden. Its why so many men choose not to bear the burden and pick up the razor.
Slept for 11 hours. Lol that just shows tired I was last night!
lol...I agree! That fact should scare the Hell out of you! :)
Why buy a sports car if you're going to drive it like a family van?
I'm ready for the summer
Who should open for War of Ages?
wews .. i got my new hair :p
Can you get one from the State Dept?
The Bucks face the Dallas Mavericks tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
Mad men in 2 hours. I can almost smell the scotch abd lucky strikes
Alex Hoyt Trio is playing tonight at ! Join us 4 Happy Hour & hear some great music! $5 wine, meat & charcuterie
That said it's disappointing that most of these occupiers choose a small amount of comfort over a lifetime of change.
Nothing excites this man #snoozefest RT : Nick Cafardo sounded disappointed when Ross hit the home run.
Hahaha that little punk.
lmfao! Ima spray yo ass in the eyes with some cleaner
Yes! Your "mann" is rocking it. bah hahaha RT : are you watching #TheVoice right now?
What the heck is this
Rio De Janeiro Stripping Away &#39;Visual Pollution&#39;
Just told one of my students I remember the days before Facebook. He looked shocked and said, "I didn't know you were THAT old."
Really enjoyed my 2nd #sfima Summit. Learned a lot from all the sessions & can't wait for next year! Great work by all involved!
Please follow me<3
LE FAINTS. GAAAAAAH I LOVE YOU TOO BOO BEAR!! <33333 :)
Do well tonight!! I love you. (:
Makin sum egg whites with basil n sundries tomatoes for dinner
help a momma directioner out
thank you for the words of wisdom mr. shelton RT : : Well shit in 1 hand and wish in the other.
are you sad miobi is over? I am :( i really was crying when i watched the last episode
You're freshmen not 21 get over yourselves
Eating supper at the Pizza Hut where Michael and I met and fell in love almost 15 years ago
The Pandora news letter that you sent me with our music.
no, the greeks actually left some dude there to present it to the trojans! he must have been a real sweet-talker...
now you got him started
Lay it on me. How was it in that moment of time? ;) x
That was fantastic!
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Kid Ink What I Do
Afghanistan's Cultural Heritage Under Siege: Preservation and Patrimony in Wartim on Indiana Jones : Myth, Reality and 21st Century Archaeol
I hate being tired in school and thinking "I'm going to take a nap as soon as I get home" and then when I get home I'm not tired anymore."
oh yeah. Sorry. It was a joke. Lol
Trying to get #wilsanity to trend and I lost a follower. Someone must not be a fan of #bucky!
how is NKOTBSB? :) So jealous!
TELLIN MY STORY AN MADE HIS-TORY!! #DRAKE!!
same to you!
Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love. #quote Osho RT
First thought-take a look at the work for hire section in Nimmer on Copyright. What cases does Nimmer cite? +
Has Austin announced how we know we got m&g?
i cant sleep ;(
I am friends w/couple in AZ trying to adopt a baby & having no luck. A baby would be blessed to have them for parents Plz pray for them.
that's legit nuts! I wasn't on Tumblr for 7 days...so I can sympathize with you <3 lmfaoo
He is growing up so fast
LA today was like a milder version of Pompeii circa the Mt. Vesuvius eruption: light ash and pyroclastic surges.
walking from the Santa Monica Boardwalk to Venice Beach. This is a workout! 
if J Charles misses games who gets bulk of carries so I no who to grab off FA list? T Jones or McCluster?
im so lost, my #roc trivia, history isnt too deep
Craziest 24 hours Of my life! Big thanks to for the help with our brilliant detective tactics to restore Jaredkind.
Im such a f'n lady!!
Inspired to be at the Grammy's next year
crazy, crazy world
Thank you for watching!
Really digging #HTML5 Boilerplate () Great work by and friends.
Draw Something is hilarious. I'm a terrible drawer haha
Shout out to all my new follows! Have a blessed day!
What's good?
Exactly! If we take authority away from the states to regulate Reg A deals, then it becomes a viable means to raise capital.
"An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards."
A4: It may not be now, but if they don't fix this, there are a lot of parents today saying NO to kids wanting to strap on the pads.
Very odd... But I'm really glad it's working...it would have been a long night at the ref desk without it...
Wow. The internet is kind of underwhelming this morning.
so yeah I'm fucked at this party about to get arrested.
DO IT.
Bahahahahahahaha remember that if they do!
Last day at my day job, actor's blessing: flexible, best boss you can dream for, cried at good-byes. Left me with a deep sense of gratitude.
You're welcome Lucy! But you deserve all the credit for being who you are! I'll go & follow your 2nd account now too. :-)
Things went so well! Thank you! Great to see you too! I'm sure I'll see you around. I can't seem to escape
In the end, everything will be alright... And if it's not alright, then it's not the end.
Dat chug tower
In Japan, they throw a big party when you turn 88. It's a symmetry thing.
thanks for the mention! did a lot of other people send you letters?
Saw the blog; looks great! Good to know you're still Internet marketing!
A clever look into what conversations must be had between conservative news moguls and their show hosts.
Riveting crowd of 11 here for Madison's hardest trivia. I thought this was a thinking man's town?
Homeownership Month (June) is coming up. What are you planning to do to celebrate?
Great first day of class with higher ed doctoral students...prepared, engaged, curious, and sharp. Looking forward to next 2 mos together...
Love it!! :D RT : Your belly is lonely. We should be friends.
it's best to remember that it was originally serialized & that's why it's SO GODDAMN PAINFUL to read.
imma call just so I can hear your sexy ass voice. 
Teacher Training The primary reason for implementing teacher training is so that teachers are well equipped and knowledgeabl
Can't wait for Thursday to get here. See what Vampire Diares has in store.
Come on Dallas
Notre Dame blue/gold game....
Lazy day trumped by the wonderous gift of a tic to the Caps game!
not a shop owner but a biz owner! Personal Stylist. For a RT, I'll give your followers 15% off a session booked by 6/1! ;)
What about Cutting for Stone then? Or the Game of Thrones series? Will keep her busy for a while.
Why is all this water just lying on the ground?!
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
And yes... As I was writting my previous tweet I realized that the weekend is also for relaxing, so I am off for a run!!! :-)
some of my stats are gone. Example: I've killed many baddies but starting with my 1st kill. How do I clear cache?
The season finale of "The Walking Dead" totally killed me.
Good luck! Wish I was there with you guys!
Everyday feels like Friday this week!
Damn . It doesn't hurt to try new things
Atlantic City, Allen on the road again Gene Allen covers a lot of ground during a basketball game. The Atlantic City coach paces in front
well she was definitely the birth of you
Love that a full band can take the volume down this low... And still lower... Yeah
Is the public market open in the winter? I feel stupid for not knowing this being a city dweller!
Live Nuggets Pre Game Show 5-8p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation,w/ & w/ guests &
look who's sitting behind me..
I saw it yesterday. It's really good. Makes me want to read the book.
Sittin in my turkey blind. Bring on the birds.
Thanks for spreading the word!! :)
Writing the part of my critique of George Kennan on the subject of the supposed policy "factor" -- the Polish-Russian War of 1920.
what time?
This ugly girl to my left ignored me! U ain't got no friends shut up hoe!
Up early to make a "Killer egg casserole" for Easter brunch with my family.
And I can't read the article, it seems to require a login.
yea n I get tomorrow off
We're meeting with last year's Greif Center's Venture Competition Winner on Sat So excited to see what she thinks about
Yard work isn't nearly as enjoyable when you know you'll be moved out in 3 wks. I hope the new owner appreciates a garden ready to pick.
Researcher use case
Paltalk wants to know: Why did you join Paltalk?
mine and all of #BBN are crossed with ya!
Nothing on tv, back to my horror movies on my phone...
come to my office 'cuz you have to drive...
Tonight on I Remember, the story of the #SchoolSistersofSt.Francis, including the founding of Alverno. At 6:30 on Ch. 10.
Watching Osmosis Jones
WE appreciate the follow! You've got a great web site w/ lots of interesting resources.
Michael says he can't sleep so you give him propofol? A simple joint a night would have done the trick...#ChildPlease lost a legend
Hahaha. I'm sure it's going to turn out well.
I saw both of you in videos! Looks like you were having lots of fun. :)
- sorry to hear jackie doesn't feel well :( we were looking forward to chillaxing w/u. Rain Check 4 sure!!
Touch down to my hometown....
Happy Easter to you, too! :-)
appreciate the #FF love!
#hategettingtold We can't cash your paycheck sir, there are insufficient funds.
Thanks to our network for the great thoughts on the contract position we're looking to fill for one of our clients. Much appreciated!
oh, and thanks.
please live up to it.
Yes! We're culturizing and colonizing them as well- they're enjoying life louder now!
Hey there - just heard about it this am - what's the deal?
Time ... It heals us spiritually, but physically kills.
#IndyColts for Hard Knocks in '12, HoF QB working way back, #1 pick as back up, coach/execs/Def. issues w/ national interest! ??
I don't follow racing, can they start the race after something like that? Seems the heat would damage the track.
oh wow i love being on a diet! i'm drinking my breakfast as we speak D=
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 64F FAIR
I don't think the vendor saw it that way. :)
Finish your draft. Look at it. Feel like Faulkner for ten minutes. Give it a week. Look at it again. Feel like crap for ten months.
Didn't expect to find so many ppl on here who are fans. I'm Honored If anyone would like an autographed Picture DM me your address.
Just because we have more options doesn't mean we have the same quality of options we had then
c'mon, kings - let's get that #1 pick!
Thanks! Also - great list of
Enjoy your trip! Give Spain a big hug for me.
Aaaaawww thank u sweetie same to you and your family.
I agree Shurmur is a dope, but McCoy isn't a starting NFL qb which is my only point.
Doing stuff is overrated. Look at Hitler. He did a lot but wouldn't have been better if he stayed home & got stoned?
Sloppy knock on by USA.
Scott Radezesky of #Deloitte: personalization will create the "firm of the future"
Do you go to concerts? how about sports events? or theater events if so if you follow me i give you a discount code so you will get discount
iknow rite... He follows other ppl.. But us... I tweet him tellin him to follow... But iguess he doesnt see ett.
shut up where are you
Fuck you #newtgingrich you're too old to steal music.
I love what I see !! Keep it up!
The Force is with you.
Txt me :p
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
Come on, Twitter, it's my day of...
Dreaming of the ocean.
What a beautiful day in Buffalo.
Thank you so much!! you're the best!
Faith begins where man's power ends...
Thanks for the #FF, Happy New Year!
prototype MADBULL Airsoft Revolutionary Tracer Silencer Tube Prototype-1 ;P
One man's folly is another man's wife.
iPhone. Yes in WI.
Working #attackattack tonight
Thanks! I hadn't thought about it, but sounds like a good idea. Thoughts on people you think I should speak with?
If you know you're HOT enter THE EROTIC CHALLENGE 50k and a modeling contract at .com
RT Real Life is approachin when you done wit school..So does that mean we've been livin' a fake life?
hee :) You blew your chance to propose!! ;)
see you Thursday at west canada?
Love me some
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. The '67 Shelby GT350 and GT500 are two of my favorite cars of all time. The auto industry has lost a titan.
Hey,pretty :) How's your weekend ? Have a nice day :)
OK! :D thanks Josh!(:
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams
Cleveland! Basketball!
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different... - C.S. Lewis
do you support relay for life? Cancer support...
what you and your bro getting up to? any gigs?
Thanks for watching,
Yes. In fact, just take the tv....and the contents of my fridge!
But you were bringing yr laptop to class, right?? I think I remember that... I didn't really take any notes at all last term...
So turn it on, turn it up, and sing along, this is real, this is your life in a song...
Hittin' the scene last few days revealing on many levels. Tonite I'll start at Legion (132nd btwn 7th & 8th) then late night
Sex ain't better than love. If you ain't with that, then you's a hoe
Watching on CNN. If you're not watching, you're missing out. "Positive economy for everyone"
My motivation to be funny is to impress you
I-Week has begun
Location is manhattan.
The situation is at pace doing a comedy club, let's hope he wasn't as bad as he was at the roast
Tim Sullivan: 1930 Census promo launched in Jan was stronger than anticipated - many new susbcribers
First time I've actually listened to u sing. Not 2 bad. :D
yes, but I think I can quantify this. And I need a distraction for a bit :)
Cinny Cin is doing MUCH much better. She is definitely on the mend. The vet visit scared her straight I think.
Yup, quite a bit.
we own the board... Money
I did when did I post them month ago? I blocked jack and his bunch then
Thinking we should kick off soup season with the local fave, Green Chile Stew...
*high fives* :)
can't stop listening to NEW ALBUM
The Winter Market is indoors RT : will it actually be outdoors?
i miss you honey. hope you're having a good night on set. see you soon!
Tip:) Increase your mailing list by putting our "Join My Mailing List" button on your website or Facebook page.
Suddenly rlzd that May 28 is during our school holiday~~ Woo Hoo!!! Give this <3 to my dearest mother monster~~
Life, Love, and Liberty...
can't wait for Billboard Music Awards!!! =) Only 1 hr left! Good luck and I support you all the way #TrueFan <3
where u working girl?
True :) RT : #Gemini can do what you do and do it better.
Yeah the Full Program doesn't allow you to dive deeper into a program or posters to see what exactly is that time & where
RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!<---Hope so too but highly doubtful. This is unreal!
Watching ABDC again.Can't get enough of the ICONic Boyz<3!
Lil dog big black woman!
I can hear from 4 states away
Somebody needs to get me out of this school.
One of Boxy's co-workers brought her chapati today. My Kenyan stomach is feeling very jealous right about now...
You are never unwanted to me<3
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love. Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
I wish we could start it all over
Social serv ex: Hospital detox costs $5000, then discharge, cycle back. In my agency, costs $750, then treatmt & recovery.
Chicago condo hunting is the best. I am so excited just looking at floor plans.
Calling me another girl's name is not cool. Man don't do that. U might get hit w/ a fat lip. LOL
Motorola is reviewing inside v outside spend by practice area and creating strategies to reduce costs.
I agree. As an SLMS I would hesitate to send home an expensive equipment. How much classtime will give students access?
not anymore. Just got home. Well, home ish.
Lets just talk here..
What would George Eliot have to say about all this, I wonder?
TSOI-NY is checkin' out Swervedriver at Irving Plaza.
Whoever scores first is most likely gonna win this game
We have excellent delivery service 99% of the time. But it's a tricky operation and there are hiccups. What happened w yours?
RT : Shout out 2 the ladies! Carpe diem! "The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives u power. U just take it."Roseanne Barr
best song ever.
im back
I like your plan. Anything to make it stop. :)
safe journey to europe Rudy.. PDX will miss ya! Tell Rubio he needs a haircut
Thanks for the Tip Top love!
Design isn't subjective, you guys.
Help us welcome our new stylists to our salon family!!! Ysable, Eddie, and Downtown Jesse Brown!!!
you wouldnt be if you had me to keep ya sane :-)
thanks bud!
Is violence ever okay? Is there any difference between terrorism and war? #SomewhereSafer asks such questions.
In class this morning s/o to all of y'all that did the damn thing last nite for that special someone...
You don't like me? .. It's ok I never obsessed over you for the past 3 weeks anyway
You are right, it was definitely a hold. with a ref looking straight at it, bad teams don't get the calls.
How so?
Martha! I replied to your tweet last week, but I guess it was saved as a draft on my phone :( I live in OB on cape may @ froude
Good morning hope you have a great day  (:
Good shoulder workout today; followed my 20 min of cardio on the elliptical.
I still can't believe "Mama's Boyfriend: didn't turn up on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Please release the single.
how are you
I got you covered.
Lol talk that talk.
good but we are going to bed now, I got my trip in the morning
Sister-in-law, M.D. informed me that that risky mature-aged-pregnancies begin at 35. So there's that.
It's funny to me when people who are having pre-marital sex look down on people who aren't married with kids.
i think sjp is aiming to replace morgan freeman as narrative & commercial voiceover champion of the universe.
Thank you so much.:)
I like the games like the Smurf one.
I told you. Now Taryn's sad
Did I tell my Twitter friends that I'm going to be at LABBX in August? I'm facilitating the workshop-Marketing and Publicity for the author
Stephen Winnie completely with out a doubt frustrates me
THANKYOU to founding #mothers of #JIT-surrogate moms/aunts/sisters/g-mas that help when no one else did b/c they know our youth are worth it
are you still playing KROQ Weenie Fest? Buying tix next week
where do you hate being at lol?
: "People at your company think you're freaks!".
keep his job and his endorsement contact just because he is not a BLACK Athlete
You wanna talk. You wanna talk about it? There's an elephant in the room
haha, yes. its my favorite line in alice in wonderland right now. today is also your unbirthday!
im chilling in terget :)
Oh, good! You're going to love them. Let me know what you think.
I cant wait for College man !!
Thank you!
Thanks I'll check that out
Was just asked if we wanted the smoking or non- section of a restaurant. It's been a while since I've heard that question.
(bryan) This is a fun question I just asked a friend: "Would you be interested in being a sometimes participant or an all out instigator?"
I have so much yet require so much more.
Why does an audition require showering & applying make up? I wish I could just audition for the part of a crackhead & pull a Halle Berry.
Our ticket deal (three for $20) will be valid all weekend, available at the box office!
i want my way to much ? seriously ?
Thanks Leah for the RT!
I'm gonna need therapy, now.
#ChiCultural2012 there needs to be an effort around beautification to showcase Chicago as a global community.
i have an idea for ur story. Do u want me to dm it to u
Hurdle for craft industry is legality of shipping.
If you're gonna rush me, I'm gonna go even slower..
Agreed, we have needed stronger leaders for a long time. Truth, Integrity very important
Dear girls, don't smoke cigarettes. That shit is REALLY unattractive.
#yankees AJ RISE TO THE OCCASION.
Thanks for the RT yesterday Hope you are having a good day!!
thank you!
I agree with & You should do #cpd23. I have two things left from last time that I'm determined to finish!
you get a speeding ticket? dan
Great day. Excited for the inspection on the house tomorrow...
It's #YPWeek - Milwaukee! Gathered some new insights on FB, Twitter and Pinterest
In the studio
We're Hiring! - Full-time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info & plz RT for ur friends
This is going to be a great night. off to pier 60, then 20 penny circus later tonight.
me, neither.
I still believe in , but any more than 3 losses next year, & he'll have failed to move the ball far enough downfield.
if by nudge you mean go through a stack of external hard drives for me, then nudge away!
...just throwing stuff out about Hillary: why wouldn't she stump for Obama even if Bill's better at it? And she's over SOS after this term?
Congrats ROB!
Our Fat-bike corral is nice & painted & loaded up with fatties to rent!
My 4yo son graduated from preschool today. I was recording the event when he yelled "Dad, put your phone down and clap for me!".
The awkward moment when u see a cute baby & u don't know whether its a girl or a boy...
Calm before the storm as we await the estimated 250,000 visitors in North Texas this week. Excited to be here.
#justbecause he's a #goodman doesn't mean he's the ONE for YOU....
I just saw a girl step out of a car and execute a full-body pavement faceplant, knocking her unconscious. Happy Cinco de Mayo?
Driving in gresham still presents patches of ice
So, who wants to meet up for a quick run and some form stuff next week?
Got Wine? We are tasting 2 great wines all day today til 6pm!! Stop by and visit.
": Somewhere in Michigan #WinkyFace" Would I be able to work for Mr. Ty? :O
Crazy day today. Crazy day. XD
NCL has exclusive Military Appreciation Rates on select sailings! Call our experts today at 800-803-7245!
Damn its like if you have a shitty life, you wake up every morning and its still shitty! take me back to the good life!!
tom, sorry to hear about the bug. hope you feel better soon and still enjoy St Simon's!
I feel the same.
huh? on my left knee
Its Friday and I've been in the library doing these essay interview questions for 3 hours.
Well. I'm the first idiot to get locked out of their room... Yep. So smart.
listening to richard lawson right now on blogtalkradio!
ima join illuminati, and just tweet and instgram all the meetings..
only if it's in East Nashville...
Cant to tlk to him again he is so amazin i hope this goes far =] I don't like the cold but dis is winter saying Iam coming soon muhahahaha
I'll text a guy back in a heart beat. Not even an issue
RT : Here I go babe...what's good? Just letting people know I fuck with with dimes, babe.....missing u
The Cubs could play the 2012 season 2,012 times and they would still never win the NL Central.
spiritual #sales tip: If you don't know the answer, don't guess! Honesty first in all things.
your icon. *--* omg. <33333333
: bitch got scared when i asked if she wanted to find out. lmao
naw, I will be there next month
Shopping with In between classes.
I don't understand how its possible to jump over like 8 people, but its pretty fucking cool.
you and hager send me the pictures from Saturday nigh lol all of them! I must see them .. ohgod. That was fun.
We have a winner! RT : it was commissioned to celebrate the centennial of the Statue of Liberty
Thanks for the shout out!
nice i will be there
OK, Florida vs Alaska..I'd give up alligators, snakes, & cockroaches for bears, wolves, snow drifts, and the Iditarod...Hm
are you gout I bdubs with ileana tonight?
can I come
Bryce Harper farted. On MLB network now.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mamas :) xx
Hey pretty lady
KES (1969 film): David Bradley's performance puts other child actors to utter shame. After Rossellini, before Dardennes, there's Ken Loach
Is your mechanic in our results? He should be!!!!!
Don't wuss out! Be a man! ;)
Morning grind...
Buried! Four weeks to open!!! You know exactly how I am... Let me know next time you're in Chicago
Finally got the deeply embedded piece of glass out of my finger-- that was visiting since December. Yes :)
I wanna do it so bad to Mark Ruffalo. And by "it" I mean sex.
Gotta go for Rashad! ~>King of swagger
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
Omg I just had the most fucked up dream ever 
love you too 
you asked for it.
Aw thanks Fidz! I have a few stories to post soon! <3
Three more weeks - end is near but still so much to do!
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
#wheniwaslittle I wanted to be like my big brother and #thenigrewup :)
YOU rock! Thank u!!
Weather outside is frightful but is so delightful. Heat , 'corn & best of all Waters's 'Female Trouble' tonight @ 7 & 9:30pm.
It's crazy how our body work, it's time I have faith that God will work wonders on me this after effect pain is no joke. 
My love and respect for Lady Gaga grows every single day.
" lol when you almost bought that sonic game" You swore you'd never bring that up again...
it honestly upsets me you fell behind on #Revenge. Pull.It.Together.Boyd.
So apparently being a lesbian is the latest fad at Mater.......
An experiment only fails if you don't do it
I love haters!
We are 2 articles shy of 2,400 articles on The site started as an internal tool to help keep track of things
GIRL DRINK DRUNK! I'll see 's bourbon and raise her a whisky.
Design should never say, Look at me. It should always say, Look at this.  David Craib
Battle of the flavors: Oreo vs. Raspberry Chocolate Chip... ready, set, choose!
Let us know the next time you're in LA. We'll build a fire for you. ;)
Standing in a long line at Kreuz Market...feeling like I may be full before I make it to Black's (@ Kreuz Market w/ 2 others)
Life is not supposed to be full of sadness and regret . Life is living period . So go live it
We want to better analyze service desk interactions, reference vs. directional. Anyone have good form for this? Is it electronic?
"the doctor says I can never get pregnant" #givemeabreak. Every woman I meet says that.
Welcome to Twitter WestX! Glad to be in the first round of people you decided to follow : )
Call me JB Cash flow
Wonderful turnout for last night's opening of Liminal Suspension at Gallery 114. Thank you for coming out!
hahaha :D i need to see the finish product!
I'm pretty sure you meant to say "delicious and brilliant" back there.
seeds of hope
A conductor's release of a fermata is similar to a diminished 7th chord in the 19th c.: SO many ways to move on
Jrhighers who are in a "relationship" &you cant stand to be away from them? Wait until you are older & actually have an idea of what love is
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Wed, May 16 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
That's what I assume, but they don't specifiy.
It's all fun and games until someone gets a full-lunged hit to the knee. #fencing #pe :(
Is City trash service delayed a day this week?
love Tina, my huband wants to know if she has her glasses with her? He likes them ;-)
Sure will - hopefully no crowdsurfing injuries in Pittsburgh
good good mama, u know everyday i'm hustling, lol. i hope all has been well your way. #peace&blessings
RT ": "dad, if you don't get me a cat I'll get pregnant...... then I'll have a baby and a cat" - parker"
#artedsymp Vivian Alvarez using comics to help promote healthy conversations about self morbidity with teens
annie just hit a car with her shoe and some man was in it
Cuz they both have dreads. Wait, no they don't.
VERY proud of her! That combined with Today's TMJ4 and you'll be well covered with severe weather!!!!
Oh yeah and played defense
when u finally catch up the show will be over same with avatar lol
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
Hoola hoop contest in the living room.
thank you for following us, we love your show!!
in the mall, twice in one day.
Jenn ur a very important part of my new alter ego
Woohoo the best show on tv is back!
Multnomah Youth Commission is my new best friend! :) They are all so kind, and accepting. they make my heart happy.
my hypothesis is a strong "yes"
You KNOW Mike Smith has thought to himself at least once "I'll be the extra man."
I always knew I was going to be rich. I dont think I ever doubted it for a minute. ~Warren Buffett
RT : great presentation! thx for the pie charts & cookies! I LIKE PIE!
everyones excited. Preserve the hog....
thanks for following
4more people follow us today please !:) - amanda
Have been on hold for over 30 minutes, and having trouble remembering why I called in the first place.
setting my alarm for my morning jog.
Howdy, work partner! Hope you're enjoying your Friday!
In ca till Monday that ok?
Oh Lover, when u call my name No other, can do dat da same, no I won't let u, get up out dat game, no So go lover, go on N make me rain N w
please tweet a happy birthday it would mean the world to her!!
yep. Its true both ways
what are your #presidentsday plans?
One day.... actually thats pretty affordable for SF! Whats wrong with it?!
Hmm....what to do now.
you know it :)
totally good-weird, though...right?
I can cook ...real good
EH wrong answer, boyo! NYU to Astoria to the Lincoln Tunnel? TRY AGAIN.
Friday. Come quicker.
Can people change?
why do u do this to me?! I thought you loved your rushers! Hahaha
Check in RADIO AND SHOUT U OUT
Up all night...going to be a very long Tuesday. Java is my friend.
Who has people in Denver? We gotta hightail it out there STAT!
Kandi gave us the last dress honey lol!!
Grizzlies and Nuggets gonna knock down LA
 The feeling you get when your ex downgrades>>>>
Gus Johnson doesnt do "Onions!!" that is Bill Raferty "Devendorf for the win, ONIONS!!"
Hey there, little white eyebrow hair. You must be lost.
story of my life.
Thx for the help!
this mix in the morning should happen EVERY morning!
Haley:Dear College, cheese makes me gassy, see you in Sept. Cam:How'd she know I'm gay? Mitchell:Maybe b/c you ordered a drink a doodle do.
Well, you are in Oregon. That's like saying there are Polish people in Poland. LOL.
thanks looking for something more sophisticated
Josh Hamilton doubles in 2 more runs for Texas..8-2 bottom of 4th.
THIS IS IT!
I usually let it ring a few times because I can't find it.
:) yes sir I've made TONS of songs since you last heard plus I just got my early birthday gift (a keyboard) last night :D!
Give it a listen
Congrats. You are going to be an amazing father!!!!
Beautiful! RT: Children, Nature is a book and each object in Nature is a page in the book~Amma
I can't watch this.. seriously you can't even touch these players and its a foul
Thank you for FF
A chipotle pepper is a smoked jalapeo pepper.
Thank you! And to Gov Patrick, ed leaders, legislators, #ece educators, advocates! Great Race to the Top event !
What is your take on this whole NICKI MINAJ and LIL KIM beef?
I'm so bummed...I had plans to be there, got called to Austin to fin a film I wrkd on at the last minute!!
Grandma loves the grey doves-
Nun much chillin
well with this new info...my vote is for HartnellDown, although they both look very good
No problem phrat!
Appreciate our facilitator today, Carl, introduced himself as my guide. Good recognition he can't learn me, that's my job.
You have to be able to face the uncertain. When you lack self-confidence you never take that first step. And you end up stuck.
a good day to you too
We just cleaned up garage. The grand finale of this effort was the GIANT wood spider scampering across the floor. EEk!
I thought I was the only one that felt this way... Glad I'm not alone RT Water tastes so nasty.
Land Rover LR4 - The Car Connection
At PNC park to watch the Pirates play the Cubs. Go Bucs!
girl you are sprung ;)
Enjoying weekend? Good music, great lyrics, and a nice sound system can inspre you to be more creative with a higher degree of passion.
It's the simple things: a new Speech4Good user said our DAF feature is "10x better" than {a competitor's}...makes us smile :)
I'm hearing some really good things about 's class at #DigitalGovU today. Class act that guy from :)
Really would like to know if carries the FSN Plus channel. I don't see it listed, but Gophers (hockey) are on it tonight. Odd!
anywhere..... Haha seriously is nicole scherzinger, "let the reay see the sting" haha
"Edwards' hush money source was 101-year-old woman" #yahoonews Was he having an affair with her too?
I love the aggregated congressional tweets one! What a great idea.
Dropped my yea olde contacts file all ovver the floor...What a MESS!! Good time to reorganize. Why the heck do i still have a folder of ...
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 3
Can't wait for the next episode...we need good tv again :]
#Nap Time
Bobby screwed up, but Will and Hill haven't helped any.
LOL :D true that
End the school year good... With a referral.
The new site is beautiful.
Sorry, zAMbies was the clear winner.
Thank You so much! Happy New Year to you!! :) Have a great day!
RT : W&M #Democrats joined by 2 Republicans voted against transportation jobs bill that says wont create jobs
Sowwy. I don't need 5 billion "bestfriends" running around
ok ;)! But u don't need an iPhone -- we have a web and android app as well! Let's chat
she actually looks like a lil version of you aww :)
loved "Isle of Denial Renamed The Isle of Denial" very clever!
Whoops I didn't hold my breath and honk my horn in that tunnel.
Thanks for the interview this morning!
Observing tweets w/ BSE vs Mad Cow.Good info.under 1st fear&speculation under 2nd.How2get #BSE info 2 people who only know #madcow?
A return to Denver area in May with a much bigger little boy. and hide the valuables if we stop by.
If she wasnt special ed, I would of beat the shit outta her !
atta boy. Where?
He Just Got On My Nerves. I'm Not Fucking Wit Yu For The Rest Of The Night.
its all good. I met someone at target in the tampon section. We're the same age so yeahh....im done!
Looking forward to playing at Birdland Jazz Club March 27 though 31 with
Omg, like me and my brother was dying laughin and Javale McGee we kept rewinding it bruh tears are rolling down my face still
I've been waiting for this moment for so long!! I THINK I LOVE YOU.
"Just heard Depeche Mode and thought of you..." This is what I was talking about.....
Morning julian! Have a great day at school!
Can't sleep can't sleep
A S/O to my new tweeters that follow me, I love to hear what you have to say! A great day out here in Souther Calfornia!
Goshen sucks I miss the city
The fact Justin had a beer before doesn't bother me. I'm so used to it because The Wanted are big partiers.
:)xx how are u?
follow us please :-)
At what point are we going to stop using #slatepitches and start using #gawkerpitches instead? Pretty much the same thing lately.
Terrible shot
"It's time that Walker come clean with the people of Wisconsin," Barrett said.
Epic Salon exhibition- Mic: Check, Sideshow Gallery, Brooklyn, ends February 26th, inclds, D. Christensen, R. Landfield, T. Valla, L. Sloan
I am ashamed and hurt to see that coming from someone I've known my whole life.
one hour finale!
My daily entertainment is watching kids stretching in P.E.
Did you get any good feedback on this? I'd love to look at inspiring designs for either (newspaper, newsletter). What is SND?
OMG THOMAS TWEETED YOU!!!!! xD
I'm in the U.S. but as soon as I graduate I want to move to AUS :)
Oh god. This always makes me ashamed to be an American.
Watching E news
Nice. But um....if it's brunch, where's the food?? Sunday Brunch lockerz.com/s/131760933
Good stuff company #IU12 "our Japan flag hearts t-shirt raised $250M for charity"
Party is on, at www.SocialMediaLodge.com tonight. Thanks to for the heads-up, wish you wuz here!
with and morning of amazing conversations
right tho. I can't speak for all
what that mean?
hahaha. Yeahh!! It didn't help I was watching tv shows about crimes and then the news tells me about all the new crazies -___-
Anne Buckley - Reen is an occupational therapist, yoga teacher, researcher and lecturer. Guest mentor for
it's hard to get Alex to follow you! & I mean he posted a photo of me & him on instagram!!!
Even when you think you have no more to give. When a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help!
So far, today has been a really productive day.
Anderson impresses me more and more every game
WOW the #xfactor Is really boring tonight.
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :Yummy in my tummy.
Desperate Housewives is over. It's really over omg :'( I just wanted them all to live there forever okay
ooh tsonger and florian. THAT should / could be interesting. IF Jo has custody of the brain and Florian plays fearlessly.
Par is a golfers best friend...Congrats to Rory McILRoy for reaching #1 in the world.
seems like we're having the same morning
I think it should be an automatic card for any player who makes a card gesture at the ref suggesting that his opponent should be booked
. Inclined planes, levers, and processors. I'd hate to waste energy answering a series of questions.
awww you mad ? RT : when you make a parody account, I can't take you seriously
great game sunday!
3 more days till we rock the Cincinnati Guitar Show!!!
Huntsman: Washington is broken b/c of structural problems.
I want you to win because you are the
Enabling staff to cope with change is a major part of moving forward
U complete me! x
DASH has Orion V, Gillig Phantom, and I think a couple of others.
RT : Evaluating the impact of science, technology and innovation programs: a toolkit via
I don't notice Levi's ads since. I avoid anything I can get at Sears. Was it any good?
We're looking to hire two #J2EE developers, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT OUR GREAT DEALS ONLINE!!!
I leave dat Reggie to them regular people I be on first class spaceships yeah spaceships
I'm playing the computer. Does that count?
You're a ghost too
I hate Girls that say that hate boys with no job N Dnt have a Fuk'n job their self
Great meeting you guys tonight, keep up the great work at the NBA....Go Bears!
lmao remember whn you use to do tht "that so raven" face whn she c da future lmao aha
It's a delicate procedure.
That was really a great movie!!
Amazing to see ideas talked about come to fruition. eg. user-created tagging for images
love it!
We are choosing another winner.
Join us at CVS, 402 Gray Street (downtown location) FREE shredding, Customer Appreciation Day, Saturday, March 10 from 9-12 (4box max)
All WES traffic is affected by the overpass accident on Grahams Ferry Road... expect 20 minuted delays and shuttle service instead of trains
End of 1 in DC and the #Caps up 1-0. Could be 3-0. Should be 3-0. Hope that doesn't bite us.
we're still friends because we both like collision course... Linkin park and jayZ my friend.
but thank you :)
Don't Over Think It... It's Not That Serious...
bummer. I have to teach tech tutoria. :(
was great singing the National Anthem last night! Looking and sounding great!
Thank you!
YES! How lame is that?
"You can't evict an idea whose time had come." OWS on the eviction
Once again: created a handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
who did you take this week?
All I know is we would've won at home, most def.
wow Andy I had no idea nice guns look god
Elk what is hanging down her leg....wanka?
Ugh. I hate crying.
maybe a good mid major...like Butler or Gonzaga...one day.
hope your having fun at rehearsal. I'm a Belieber. <3 Love ya (:
I think your purse is tweeting.
y u got porn hub as ur web address bro that too funny.
Have you voted yet? We can and will make this Senate Republican with your vote. Make sure to vote #GOP TODAY!
Aint really had a great day!! Food wasnt great and y girl just accused me of having a hicky!! WTF
hey there! Our prices vary depending on the class. Please call us! 504-895-1167.
I don't know why dudes think body paint is sexy. I think it looks like weird experimental art
exciting social media software rollout being announced on tonight's business development training webinar
late start today! that means i get to watch spiderman 3 this morning :D
Vinyl sheet flooring is severely under-appreciated.
watch... on my birthday... everyone is gonna be like "im not saying happy birthday to her" swear!
Sign up for our golf tournament now! 7/20 at FireRock GD $85 incl. green fees, golf cart, box lunch, and dinner at FOX Sports Grill.
Thanks for the RT!!
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
I just finished Mockingjay. Bawling my eyes out omg
cooling it and you
argggggg >".'< i cant find out the policy tat i had filling tat day~~ *die hard*!!
Some of us like to hike , camp and mtn bike on the weekends. so we need cars to get to the mtns
playing in #Chicago at #Kinetic Playground! #Flux Pavilion #Doctor P Afterparty!
I've tried and tried ever since elementary to ignore those jerks but its just gets to me sometimes
I bet'cha anything the fifty cent pollo buffalo chicken rollers from 7/11 will give you the squittles.
jeezy's tm103 album is forever tattooed in my brain lol hope you being good (;
Don't make plans you don't intend to keep with me, Its bullshit. THAT'S why i don't plan. So. there. fuck you.
case in point
Still in awe over the lead-poisoned baby bald eagle that rehabber Kathy Woods is saving. Check her out on FB: Phoenix Wildlife Center.
<-----U Must Follow we die hard #Packers fans!! Join
Apparently I am responcible for 67 servers in North America. Who knew?
He certainly is! We're pleased to have his work!
Happy Birthday Precious Jesus!! Hope everyone has a Very Merry Christmas! :)
Does he make the Curly "whoop whoop whoop" sound when it comes his way? RT : Brennan Boesch
I suspect since I loved the #Common #Law pilot, that it will die after one season. :(
right! I logged on FB and my phone started going crazy. I didn't know what the hell was going on.
My appetite has been out of control lately!!
So pissed right now. Work wants me off an autism team eval because I "know the kid too well." Guess thorough evals aren't important anymore.
Dinner with the Athens family. Happy.
Inspiring afternoon meeting w CEO Mario Murgado and Thank you for supporting the
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Today feels like a good day for a _______ pizza.
Please don't use my oncall.
Your life has been the eternal April fools.
no offense to people who like the Janoskians but, i don't get why people like them..
#idol - Sadly I missed Phillip's second song. Will youtube it later.
Friends' I'm His Girl video can-based. Everybody needs a glitter gun. And a gr8 crew behind the cam. And out front.
Bulls should just try there best to get D.Rose back
it's fucking snowing someone better buy me a shot for coming to this shit
That School Is Expensive As Fuck . I Wish We Had The Money -.-
yep still here! ;-)
same with my phone, so weird~
100 years ago the Titanic sank. The boat was 882 ft. 9 in. long, had a maximum breadth of 92 ft. 6 in. and was 104 ft. tall!
Romantic Night. Full Moon. Beach Side. On Top Of the Hills. NIce View. Enough Said haha
SAT word of the day: buttress (v.) to support, hold up
nope your wrong Lebron lost 2 finals and so has Kobe BUT the difference Kobe has 2 finals MVP's how many does Lebron have.
Amazing job at cherry middle school you have a gift of entertaining keep doing yo thing! & u rocked cherry u have to come back!
Get ready for..... STICKERS
Miller and Battier still with no attempts from 3.... smfh
that's the only way it would be acceptable for this OFS.
Looking for a #BuffaloWildWings for the PSU/Iowa matchup
: honestly if you recommended the breadsticks at any given brothel, I'd probably have to check them out
Hey Chicago fans, make sure you meet us out tonight at for our official Chicago launch party!
: What scares you? If you don't mind sharing, I'd really like to know. SUCCESS
When my sister was little, while passing by eucalyptus trees on a road trip. She said: "Mommy, smells like dishwashing soap!" :-)
weird juxtaposition isn't it?
ugh. I'm sorry. What a horrible day for you! I hope he gets better soon, for your sake
Oh Yeah Passed My Classes I'm A Bad Bitch
College is the key
Hey can I get a computer here at the WB that would let me watch the #MMGPressConference And can you bring back junior seau?
LeBron shying away again when it matters the most
I think you should write a post about how much the halftime show was like a video game!
favorite korn song- freak on a leash!! god love that song
watch movies online megavideo
Ah, the "friendly reminder" that a conference paper is late. Yes, I know, I know. But... grades are due.
Who needs a layout? hit us up for a fresh new layout for real cheap. Check out our page for a sample.
Stop by our booth tomorrow in the Expo Hall at the Indiana State Fair & register to win 2 free Midway wristband vouchers!
I'm so sorry for Tablooo:'( T.T
I wish I was at one of the parties in the KFC commercials, all they do is party and eat chicken.
ask reliable sources on sn sites what keeps them up at night and then plan material accordingly.
What would St. Francis say? "Franciscan University Drops Entire Student Health Insurance Plan Over Birth Control Mandate"
blah blah blah. shut up stupid whore.
RT : moving day!
Just when things were looking up you said it wasn't good enough, but still we're trying one more time.
Mark Ellis has been doing it for years. Should have collected a gold glove or two with the A's.
Head, spinning. Decisions, terrifying.
I can't deal.
Will Tim Thomas show up in the All Star Game? After all, Ottawa is the nation's Capitol.
sounds so good right now!
cool, thanks so much. if anyone wants a trailormate in crooksville, oh though, make sure to let me know.
Looks like Big Z is upset with Tim Thomas
Yes we do! Let's coordinate a day. I'll text ya.
We are looking for a P/T Store Babe! Send us a message! xx,B
Do not be deceived. We must say no to invitations that compromise our witness, and take us away from the great work God has called us to do.
flea market. Montgomery. its just like it just like a mini mall
She says kiss me like u miss me... Fuck me like you hate me
Will the Bruins be playing "Black and Yellow" for the next 4 months until the start of next season?
As soon as I'm done eating Carl's Jr, I look in the fridge for more food.
My throat hurts really bad
You can wait on the sidelines while others pass you by or you can take advantage of the incredible new opportunities in front of you.
Oh Gini... You're one of a kind. Haha
omg ! I signed and looked at the pic that truely awesome it looks soo real !! u did A UNBelievably Awesome job !! hope jbcs
i really love steak
4S & using the normal twitter app. RT : are you using an iPhone 3GS, 4, or 4S? And are you running iOS 4 or 5?
so totally confused by today. When in doubt eat?
ah i hate school!
A girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
Why can't I find a great contemporary house for my buyers when there are so many houses for sale?!?!
HAHAHAHA How did I miss this?!
Hey guys, i love your work. I any chance of letting me do some videos for you. Willing to work for FREE!!!!!
Conquering the world, right? Thanks!
Time to drink coffee and write queries.
now y'all arguing over phone apps??lmao!! I bet it was a Nigger who spark this off....dumb fucks
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!! Join us for lunch and scarf down one of our delicious reubens, even if you aren't Irish...we won't tell ;)
Also, please give us a "LIKE" on facebook!!! We have a preview of a song!!! facebook.com/missinginalaska
Waka waka she she la do.
I predicted A.Smith becomes a legend via text to my brother before his 28 yard run! He did it twice! I predict a 6th bowl win!
watching babe do the rest..i can't do anymore.
Let's assume for the sake of argument we're talking about people you haven't heard yet...
Back from #Boston, what a great week of learning from some of the best trial lawyers in the country! Wish I had a trial today!!!
Support independent artists!
I really appreciate that. I hope you find the older versions.
or if the lettering is worn off RT : You may be a Jewish journalist if your J-key gets stuck.
Excited for radio panel w/ , , David Krasnow & Julie Snyder.
Haha RT : I don't think ol' boy in Tulsa will call me back. He must be a Ok State fan
Who else is watching the SAG Awards tonight? Keep us updated on who you think wore it best!
I think around here they throw in a hot dog and call it a garbage plate. Your name is better.
Total domination by U.S. Women's soccer team and very little to show for it!
You're worse than sarah
Okay really i just saw as on my timeline it was a profile picture im mean really lady dang 
such a great morning - enjoyed the rich conversations, the flow of ideas, and of course, the TimTams!
Another touchdown....green&yellow
Am I correct in the assumption that if you're writing about someone who is a heavy drinker, it's ok to drink heavily while writing?
uneducated people !
true story
I never lie... i just dont always find it necessary to tell the truth!
I'm still here for you.
without demonstrating impact is civic hacking just civic slacktivism? feels good; looks good; no practical effect
Thank you!! Yes indeed, it does. I thought you might have info on your site, but couldn't think where to look.
I didn't get to ask. She came home and went to bed
are you still at #ccbeergarden? I'm right by the stage.
i get ready and take an hour to straighten and burnthe fuck out of my hair just so you can see me at my best,but you dont even glance at me.
There is no girls at fort walton beach :(
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!!
BBC Radio 1 have announced more than 25 acts to take part in the Olympic Hackney weekend festival.
On the road at last! CA friends, we'll miss you & hope to see you soon. DC friends, we're coming to eat your food and sleep on your couch!
Temps well above freezing so any precip that falls will remain all rain. Later this afternoon snow mixes in. Expect light accumulations
1all time faves albums ,, on porch enjoyn the rain n havn a smoke
Want to maintain your wood floors? Ask a flooring professional at SelectFloors about the proper humidity needed to keep wood from shrinking.
I KNOW, RIGHT? RT that shizz, I want to take notice.
Hiebers can compound 40% Urea ointment for effective and pain free nail removal  call 412-681-6400 today!
Yep, warm weather & uniforms are a good combo indeed!
god bless
Enjoy life misery don't need company it just wants some
Howard Stern has the hair of 40 year old housewife
Most certainly. We'll have a photo gallery up shortly afterward.
- um, you mean David, right? :-) -- and please follow me
What test?
thanks 4 the awesome show in sf last nite! I even bought the puppies tshirt frm ur bro matt. I wanted 2 say hi 2 u but 2 shy
No more going to McDonalds :D
I mean com'n wiz you can spit that's already known...but why try and rap to a cheesy pop beat? that's not your style and you sound awkward
Don't forget to delete those default user accounts when you're setting up a new instance of
The Heat is playing NASTY! So many elbows and fouls. Refs are doing a good job!
I need a new shampoo can anyone let me know of a good one?!?!?!
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist wipe me down
I'm hungry.
Our apologies to any one who got a DM from us that was spam. We got hacked! Changed the PW should solve the problem!
Looks like the Bucks are following our idea. Both Jennings and Bogut are now on the trading block.
Can't sleep , i have energy o.O
CUTEST COUPLE EVER
Heading down to Towson U. today to sell some tickets. Look for , , and
It's been one of those weeks where I just do not feel like being social. Everyones allowed one of those, right?
always I love it
RT : RT #volunteertrends volunteers want lots of manageable assignments, but they want them one at a time
So excited can't sleep I wonder if he'll see his shadow
Chief Keef signed to Cash Money?
Dick Clark* gotta stay
Huh. I don't think I knew that Joss was in on the writing of Toy Story, Interesting.
Here we go spurs basketball is showing up now #GoSpursGo!!!
I'm in for the long haul. :)
#Quincy get out and vote for !!!! #Koch needs to go!
when your boyfriend cries over you and you know that
I'm still waiting for the thing.
You know, I don't see any signs that say "Do not murder" - So what the fuck am I doing here?
i'll still talk to you on tumblr i promise :*
so how was the Beard Off? Was Jesus there?
RT : RT : : Dem's environmental caucus backs suit against SANDAG transportation plan...
I'm so exhausted I'm dizzy. I don't have a day off till Monday! But this event looks cool!!
Just looked through my old swimming ribbons and remembered how much I fucking hated it
How does a Real Estate company sell its office without causing confusion?
do you still wear your PA? If so, what gauge is it, what type of ring do you wear and does it interfere with sounding?
My mom <3
lol just finished my 6 page what you writing about?
heck yeah! : Does anyone else feel like their day is longer due to this time change????
Push ups are great for abs too. I don't know it works but I can always tell, every 2-3 years when I try push ups. :)
Well hello(: who are you? Lol
You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
Jimmy the Greek!
you're an entertaining grouch
Kick is good and now its Patriots 7- Broncos 6.
No way! hahaha I gotta check that out. Do you have a link?
I don't know what to do.
here is our email address.
Jesus Christ man haven'nt been on my tweet mode in forever!!!
#30thingsaboutme 1)I have ability 2 laugh Uncontrollably At Myself At Will. Really pisses off those trying to Laugh 1st, sucks 2 be them.
i want more purple whatevers :/
congrats and happy opening!!!!
we should have it posted by the end of the night buddy! I'm excited to read it!
O! I'm sure the fabulous staff at would LOVE some deliciousness from ! Be sure to stop by!
i know thats what i'm afraid of!!!
Nice. What kind of musician? Mr Kosciuszko's little brother wants to go into game design.
Just found your tweet. There's no "d" in my last name. How are you doing?
Eating alphabet soup my favorite!
RT : Last Ocean League Game ever at Bev. Gotta end it with a bang.
how long have you guys been touring together now omg
Thanks for the follow! Love the symphonic metal!
#CheckItOut was alright tonight. In other bedtime news, there are a lot of new selections on Netflix #RecentlyAdded. Nigh nigh
every brand msg can be made out as sexist or not being "gender neutral" if you look hard enough... Good luck on the falcon!
sorry bruh i haven't had my phone and you know my memory is shot. what up doe!
Playing at the Metro Gallery tonight with and Spirituals remixed with hip-hop beats and cello.
Can you get me some followers?? I'll get people to follow back (: !
Hey! It's business! Never personal!
smh, don't remind me..
#FF! RT : Cough Twitter friends Cough <---- someone is now 19 away from 1,000 followers ! Can we pass the magic mark today?!
::very very sharam::
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker, huge fan! You and your father are an inspiration to young black filmmakers like me.
okay! Make sure u eat a lot so you can hold your liquor 2nite.Have fun and be safe!!
Talking to my gf :D she makes me so happy
If you didnt make it here to experience the love last night, were celebrating all WEEK with dinner specials thru Sat
RT : "Pace yourself. Won't sort/all out 1st year. Or 2nd." <g> Hit 37 anniv/this wk. Worth it, IMHO.
We got a decent amount of rain, but not to the level you would have guessed judging by the thunder and lightning.
:) ...and I'll happily take any support you offer. I have lots of good stuff, and I can't wait to start releasing it!
Luz. I told you already. What you don't believe me? Look I'm not even tweeting.
How Do You Guys Know Vinny Has A GirlFriend?!?
on twitter , twitter is my life lol
I'm up n shxt, but I haven't moved an inch.
a girls heart is not something to play wit,its something to take care of
Oh, I misread it first. YES! So true! :-)
It only hurts when you start pretending that it doesn't.
When you see her crying hold her and don't say a word<3
: "People now a days say hurtful things without even noticing!" Or do things..
I started paying attn to how much time i waste on this recently and was SHOCKED. Lol
and a 100 cals. less than the original! Lol
gotta get my Ls back
haha very funny
I have some great deals on computer memory. If your computer is old and put-puting along consider a RAM upgrade. It will do wonders...
Ha This Just Made My Night.." The Only Reason Yo Name Is Trey Starsz Is Becuss Trey Songz Was Taken " Cuso Got Me Weak :D
Yes, I have been rebooked but I am missing my entire afternoon in Montral. BOS is not quite as charming. Thanks for the info.
Live clean, live green
Let's bet some horses at Santa Anita. I like a couple of maidens in today's 9th.
I wish people had dog tails, so I could tell if they were really glad to see me.
there's a first time for everything
Backstage Romance is rad. Go like them on facebook!
I don't typically people watch this time of day, but it's quite interesting to observe people as they go about their morning routines.
Frontier Field; It's very bad. They would benefit from someone helping them to fix it. Guessing it's a draft system issue?
follow me ;)
"I'll tell Justin Mahone u said hi if we have him on our flight" omg..yea dad it's Austin. There's no hope kill me now lol
#TeenWolf is coming back. FINALLY.
you mean to tell me you are that damn sensitive that some1 can upset you by wrds they TYPE on the computer...com'on son
; so you DO like & want cock? #TwitterOfficial btw, did you receive the bandanna I threw at you?
great minds think alike.
ah someone is stalking us lol no but mine sounds like someone is trying to brake through my fence
OK next songs lyrics cause i cant find the 2nd song any where
RT : hope chargers get a freaking team together this year! -- Me too! They will...I have faith!!
Dream a little dream.
not too much, went into town and had to get my tire fixed, it had a nail in it and was almost flat, then just relaxed
I think the term "swinging bunt" offers far too much credit to the hitter. "Blind luck" is much more fitting
The lights aren't that bad. I'm pretty sure tanning beds are a lot worse...
maybe after school, what time do you guyz get out on Wednesday?
Still waiting for mine! Enjoy.
#ICantStandWhen someone puts an empty pitcher back in the refrigerator.
m, bacon bits.
I'm at the #OccupyThisAlbum release party at The City Winery. Every performer is excellent! I'm defintely buying this album
"We're going down, down in an earlier round - And Sugar, we're going down swinging." ::fall out boy::
Will you please follow me(:? i love you so much xoxo<33333333333333 i'll be the happiest guy ever.
Thanks! RT #FF #FollowFriday Amazing Peeps That Deserve A "High Five" Daily!!!
I just threw up a little...
it is a book by Mindy Kaling, hilarious!
I eaat to much ):
Random people keep trying to add me on skype...maybe if they weren't old and cute I might add them ;)
"At Twitter, mobile is in our DNA  For us, its all about mobile, and it always has been"
yes thankfully haha
I don't want to say goodbye to Glee. I want everyone to stay and it continue like they're in high school forever <3
Counting down the hours til I get off nd smoke this dank
Purchase DuoView now, get accelerated depreciation worth $16,000 back in tax rebates; we pay your 1st 10 payments! BEST XMAS PRESENT EVER!
LOL, that was just our first chance to get online - it's been a busy week! Though, open until midnight both tomorrow & Saturday!
u want what lol
No but we hear gun shots in our hotels rooms all the time
Speaking of real conversation, any chance you'll be going to MW in April? Hope we'll see you there!
night! Sweet dreams!
Just sent you an email on breaking news...
We need another HR. All the cheers scared off the seagulls for a good minute
Woke up thinking my weekend has started... But that's not the case.
#eluna09 New roles for librarians as partners with users in the academic research process: Service Oriented Librarianship (SOL)!
Lol i used to have a crush on u.
doubtful :( gotta finish this book and plan a wedding. Ur going right?
MT : Molina sucks at bunting, batting, blocking pitches, everything (except maybe calling games)
I really wanna work at the aldo in the Beverly center. I'll just have to wait though.
kuuuu kuuuu, I'll be Gettin the song order list soon and sending it to u
I rather eat broken glass than get a "Call Me", text message.
and not sure that RB/WR/CB combo is gonna be enough to make up the 27 points we beat you by in 2 games last season ;)
you guys buying your scamp tickets thursday?
Another sign your cell carrier is to big. Being told you have to wait 30 minutes to talk to a TECH regarding purchase of a new case!
Nicola Batum went through shoot-around. Game time decision with sore quad.
Happy birthday thanks for the (I had the carrot)
inbox me on fb I need one for my god daughter
Just finished Aftermath. Loved it. Heart an "endlessly pumping spring..." especially apt and beautifully put.
An Officer and a Gentlemen was the #1 movie this day in 1982. That was filmed in Port Townsend, WA. Love that place!
Serious question - is the audio tuned just for the audience? On TV, most all performances sound really off & boring
I'm not spamming any of my followers, I promise, it's this stupid website! I don't spam, I can promise you!
nope it shits on cocaines head
Hate watching movies about love
I beg to differ! :) RT : Smiling is better than chocoloate
Miami Vice!
Wrapping up the week, like we wrap up a perm.
I don't like having second thoughts, I liked my first ones better.
Just Two More Weeks Of This Weak School Sht . . Then Im Getting Missin
Now First lady looking fabulous... Can you say fashionista.. # Kids Choice Awards Michelle Obama...
Media/podcast support is an area where apps seem to be better than the Reader website.
The only thing that makes it a part of your life is that you keep thinking about it.
Hi Tommy! Thanks for the follow! I took your advice and am setting up my LinkedIn profile.
The bus sucks, but I guess it's better than walking- when you get on the right one.
Just put any pic of ur as ur background...u r so beautiful....ur own pic will rock the background
Day 2 juice fast no coffee. Tired.
You did a great job flowing, being vulnerable and totally yourself. Trust me, love, you did a wonderful job. Proud of you!
staying in Orlando for the most part but I can always come back for a weekend :)
If you get your finger caught in a door, it could take your finger off...
enjoying at movie in park!
She took me to New York to have my voice evaluated by a great teacher I wouldn't have any of it without her
me and my bro were just talking about that fight. I'm so down! Jones is a effing beast
Out for the show! Just heard the opening act Lucious from Brooklyn. They're kinda awesome!
thanks for the mention!
#NowListening to Off the Ball, a funny sports talk podcast. Catching up on my Motherwell.
Horns rush 11 but can't get to the ball. It sails into the end zone. UT has 80 yards to go with 1:16 and no TOs.
hahaha no jail this time.. WE CAN DO THIS!!
Tell me why my mom goes to the store for ONE thing and comes back an hour later with the truck filled with stuff
WHAT CAN I DO TO GET ON TOUR ? (SECURITY/BODYGUARD)
working when the weather is this nice is a CRIME
Tonight's show feat. 's corporate chef Chef Nino w/ a dish you can easily make at home. 7pm, WLAE-TV Channel 32.1 or 14.
Much Respect to Tampa Bay and St Louis
Happy Mothers's day all!!
finally signed up for the Healthcarevendors Daily. Looking forward to your updates!
..ha! for now. you didn't see minute 11....
I need an intern; must be willing to do everything I don't want to do. Basically, I need to hire me.
Have a great day everybody!
Can't wait to hear about it. Glad to see you have Emily in your line up. She's fabulous.
YOU GUYS ROCK! keep well & keep up all the GOOD! pls email me & let's collaborate to help more peeps!!
#ALC12 had better be worth the 66k frequent flier miles I just shelled out for the NOLA ticket. :-) (Just kidding, guys. Can't wait.)
The American people are slow to wrath, but when their wrath is once kindled it burns like a consuming flame.-Theodore Roosevelt
People that smoke, and brag all about it on their twitter or facebook? Idiots -.-
She hmu on both my accounts, that's some G shit
NEW Spring SAT Prep classes will start on March 5, 2011. Call us to register today!
great move. Keep us all posted.
So true!
I woke up at fuckin 430
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, January 2, pm
yup me to
Tip -- read your lease so you don't sign a new one and consequently have 2 apartments for 3 months
Today is the last chance to see 'Never Let Me Go' -- a lovely filmic lament on love and mortality -- 35mm (at least for quite awhile).
In case you haven't noticed yet from his tweets... Journal staff photog is on the balloon field this morning.
Don't ever apologize for being who you are. RT : Sorry I'm such an introvert.
That would be great. i just hope they stay at No. 4 and don't trade down needlessly.
I love Pubcats!
OMG! Congrats!
I did say 'rarely'... I'm a Trekkie too! lmao!
oh okay ! i thought something was wrong !
Tweet me a number and I will say something nice bout u!!
thanks for your talk at LA Ruby conf on sustainable productivity with rails. One of the best talks I've seen!
I hate this follow limit.
I would just love to stay in my bed all day
Looking for that missing piece to the puzzle right about now.
Yo You wanna Go Get em Now Al?
I have been trying to change my Twitcon for almost an hour. WTF. I am about to give up - leaving the pic the way it is. UGH!
EVERYBODY FOLLOW SHE'S AWESOME! YOU'LL LOVE HER <3
Individuals may form communities, but it is institutions alone that can create a nation.
just got done eatting!
: <3 RT : love you dudes! love the band love being spread,
Gertken: Swift uses metaphor of balance to talk balance of power
It's okay if you hate Austin Mahomo. As long as you don't hate Austin Mahone, I'm perfectly fine.
Time to get ready for #PROM. Shower first 
I try to send out 2-3 Tweets per day, and get RT'd a few times per post. On FB, I usually post pics of workshops I've done.
Every patient should be a partner in medical decision-making. That can only be accomplished through compassion and respect
We don't mess around
If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know! I'm selling mine
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 63
u tweeted CAN U GET WAY? Was dat directed 2 n what she say?
It's hard to tweet from Afghanistan! Hope to find a better way to make this happen.
This is the code that is popping today: 71 DEGREES IN SD (19.99 OFF) for your purchase of a swim system
Yup Didn't make the team Looks like no baseball for me this year.....
where is SBUX going?
Travolta today, Tom tomorrow.
i know what trend are :) i didnt know that was the abrev.
HAHHA! GOOD ME TOO!
Yeah boi! Kekeke jay park cant wait for july!!
All of this shows up in the third mvmt again
when #oomf hits up my dm he so sweet nd polite, but is very reckless when he tweets...which one is really him???
I'm sober. In Opposite Land.
My baby is moving.. #crewlove no matter what!<3
have fun being productive after this shit :P
Should have stayed in bed.
Who's gunna run this town tonight
#Jelena :D Love em both! they're so cute together :)
Brown-Forman's 3Q earnings fell 5.4% as sales growth slowed more than expected though sales were on par with the overall industry's rate.
oh no surely not! I think this needs explained now...
Today's gift card winner is ANDREA LONG. Congratulations!
did you live there or were you just a visitor?
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Nope, is a new one to me. Golden Compass?
Thank you to everyone for all your support and loyalty! I am truly humbled by the overwhelming support and excitement I received!
I make you feel amazing... And I don't get the same.... I hate it
on Saturday.
Thunderstorms and frozen snickers... Two of my favorite things!
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
do you play tommrow ?(:
Police helicopter circling #poway high school for last 10 min, was announcing "go back towards the parking lot".
#healthtip: A good way to enjoy the food u eat and 2 avoid overeating is 2 be conscious of your food & how u feel as you are doing it.
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
They say the apple dnt fall from the tree but wat if that apple neva falls!!!....
Hopefully #madmen premiere makes my day better
Spring is the season of optimism.
I think it's a go!
Museum day! :)
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates us from the animals...except the weasel. - Homer Simpson
The Real Housewives of Miami is interested in our Spa for a film location. How cool would that be?
I focus on what's right! I look for the solution. I appreciate. I admire. I take responsibility. I thrive always.
If you think Education is Expensive, try Ignorance.
Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising
check out our buddies from Everyone Dies In Utah, , they just signed with at www.myspace.com/everyonediesinutah
What's fun tonight?
Make the beat retarded, so I call it a slow jam.
aww thanks happy mothers day to u too !
@ For what?
Red Lobster with my grandma and grandpa! #yum 
neither .. Its a krump event called buck proof jacksonville
Possibly no Tim Duncan tonite.
Thanks for Following us ! New Follower Coupon (FEI042011avc) and get 10% off most of our products, call in only, one time use.
I Love One Direction so freaking badly !!!
Happy Ash Wednesday Everyone!!! Last Night's Mardi Gras Party was a Blast!!!
Also lets get those like and follow numbers up!!! Tell all your friends to go like our page!!!!! :]
is Cain the conservatives answer to Obama? are either of them black?? #doesracismexist?
hahahahahaha you dont even know her ! She is a good friend girl!! Hahaha i love youu marissa!
Hey guys(: How was your day?(:
I did, seconds after. Thanks. It doesn't help that the "September 13" was in 3 point font.
with me in the living room; both son & hubby sleeping/snoring. Time to break out the sage & do some blessing on this place.
Boys are so difficult, the hell with it!
Happy Birthday, Mark Martin!!! (:
I feel you. I've loved that show for almost 4 years now.
I hear ya...good idea!
Don't forget, Mother's Day is fast approaching, treat a mother in your life to one of our gift cards!
#Marley on his deathbed returned to the Christian faith of his youth. he'd probably regret that he became the poster child of
please please PLEASE! You wont regret it!
I'm not gonna delete you from my life. I'm gonna leave you there, so you can see how happy I am without you.
Mark 5:41 He took her by the hand and said to her, "Talitha koum!" (which means, "Little girl, I say to you, get up!").
Throughout the past few days, all I could think about was guard and how much I already miss everyone. Withdrawal sucks.
text: zesmo to 368266 to see what an ad might look like.
Who wears heels to go shopping?
I dont care if you think you have "swag". Pull up your pants and walk faster."
sometime over summer! Be patient, we are working as fast as we can to get it released
Thanks for the RT!
: I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster. the white ones work
hm really thats cool meh jst getting ma room done lol ma room to dirty lol
And here I am Tumbling pictures of kittens, food and One Direction.
Caffeinated, smart me had just filed all those li'l trivial packets away and undercaffeinated/not-so-clear thinking me just didn't catch on.
My opinion - #thefive is #redeye for grown ups.
no..wendys has chicken mcnuggets too!
Party party!!! With my girls :)
LASSITER!!! I need you....now
Handlebar Mustache
In 08 cycle, Univ. of CA System was larger contributor to #obama. Goldman Sachs was 2nd.
Sick. Not fun
Tx 4 Learn at 40 MT! U might like my book
My dear brother. Class act. #dontworrystillveryproudofyou RT : Meeting with higher ups? Check. Fly open? Check.
Right on, seconded ... RT : For the record, we love the idea of #foodtruck Friday moving to Red Arrow Park. :)!
":Feeling the heat in Pton
Loved the all-girl band. Jack White looks like Edward Scissorhands.
I recently learned about your agency. Great stuff! #Cheers!
There's like 20-25 waitresses at this Applebee's right now and maybe only a handful of tables here. Wish I could get paid to stand around.
If I see another " Free Whomever " teeshirt I swear... How bout when they get out, you give them a " Stop Doing Dumb Shit " tee shirt.
oh my bad..
Make your holiday party reservation Send us a DM.
where are you exactly?
You got a mountain of debt in front of you as of now?
no its cute lol
Why hello Buckeyes. Keep this play up! O H...
Lightning talks are blowing up! Ignite with my classmates tonite, LTs for Molly Raphael's visit on Thurs, sustainability theme on 4/10.
its cool my girl has those nights too and I do too lol
me neither. :(
you look really pretty!
Getting a taste of jazz fest in my living room listening to - wish I was there in person!
Who else looks in the refrigerator for one minute and finds nothing and then goes back 2 minutes later as if something is going to appear.
In for the night! I'm already having fun watchin' Braxton Family Values! Love it!
That is great. I will definately watch David
The republicans in the room are dying after the taste of highball performance!
"Our goalie is a head case therefore we have no chance at winning the cup. Let's just quit and hurt people" -The Flyers
that wasn't me I think it was those sliders
I'm so hung over... I'm surprised I got home ok Haha
The Reagan answer was correct. "A rising tide lifts all boats." Govt must sprt private business then get out of the way.
tried to tell you...I told everyone.. Floyd in lopsided decision
Two picks. Two Texans. That's 100% folks.
Yo much love for the retweet bro
I wish I was the girl in B.O.B's "So Good" </3
Bynum doesn't step up &help on Young's dunk-In fact he backed up-& just cherry picked for a dunk.Ton of talent-no mental toughness or hustle
4 reminders to use your camera: Shoot someone posing as a traffic cop and stopping traffic. An authoritative person can be very intimidating
Can't Believe She Thinks I Still Want Her -.- She Must Be Fucking Retarded.
It just hit me that I had some sort of dream with Braden Holtby and pho.
wants to know what the high school classroom of 2017 looks like.
Everybody Talks - Neon Trees... Its great, and soon its going to be overplayed.
every single thing in the world aggravates you, so not sure why you're differentiating between your aggravations
is going to have nightmares about the Panda Dance.
you must be a communist.
I can't see Nash going to New York. The Knicks are not contenders they only won 3 more games than the Suns...
About to leave in a couple minutes.
Met with the folks today in SF, really impressive agency/production house taking care of major brands
I'm on my way there, will be 30 mins.
#teamnosleep tweet here watched rush hour and the lovely Ms.Rowley is here :)
keep your ipad!
Essentials Haul plus other goodies - toothbrush holder
I wish! Our team will just be remotely skyped in.
RT Easy 2 get stuck N religious habits -go 2 church, toss few bucks N plate, randomly browse Bible. Jesus has other plans.
Wanna Shoot A Video For Dis Song...Ridin In A Old School Cutlass...Smokin Purple Kush Wit A Styrofoam Cup
why'd I have to be asleep when were calling fans!? :'(
#AllRelationshipNeed is SELFLESSNESS
can i get a shout out?
I don't like Mitt Romney, but don't involve his Mexican roots in this campaign. Please.  irrelevant, insulting
A good wine is one that is pleasant to the individual who drinks it.
Just got done recording the new video! I'll put it up sometime this weekend?
Cheers to cast at Bohemian Beer Garden! Come join us.
Give people what they want, not what they think they want. These are often different.
SO......but hold up how yu gon jump from txtin to twitter
Will you get #dirtywaterhotdogs with me soon??
I just can't stop listening to Fearless: Karaoke by Taylor Swift!
Staying focused on last week of work is never easy....
sorry to hear about this. That's a serious drag. I'll think of you when I eat occhi di bue.
is just around the corner. Plan now to come visit us in booth
Sweat it off
The only way today is going to work is if I pretend I'm on The Wire
these photos you are posting are tinier than my pinky nail.
You do not have learn to how to sin. You have to learn how to be righteous
totally stumped with a podcast recording question: how to convert mono mic into stereo files?
RIP Donna Summer --we loved your songs and will never forget you!
Love this show! Only competition show I watch...
congrats to you! We're celebrating our 4th anniversary of meeting in W. Mass at the singing where we met :)
#ff First rate humans, & fans of the first division #Mets -
Eager to hear what comes out of those conversations! Is tweeting allowed?
Downtown for the #OccupyPittsburgh march? Stop in for free chipotle pumpkin soup!
yeah .-. It hurts lolol so when did u and dest find out u guys were bro and sis ?
Not a damn thing's changed. Powerpoint still sucks.
that's Kimmel.
Can't forget Charles Willson Peale's Cabinet of Curiosities as an early American museum
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!__
Seems like an opportunity for innovation 'Just 5% of Americans accounted for half of our nation's #health care costs in 2009'
Awesome. Wheel just came off trailer I'm pulling. Stopped in middle of road now. 60-90 min for a wrecker...
On my mind right now: Brady vs. Tebow......
:) When do you come back to Nashville, lady?!
I would probably like LeBron if he didnt whine like a bitch after every whistle
It was funny but man...my hip flexor is killing me!
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP
We have a tentative 9/15/2012 date for our "I Can Make a Difference!" 5K walk honoring organ, tissue and cornea donors and donor families.
haha I am looking more for Kardashian/SJParker scoop haha THANKS you're the best :)
Which episodes has she written this season?
its ok
I wouldn't walk 500 miles for Taco Bell, but I definitely would for a signed #Community script.
All the teens in my Talk To Teens wanted to read Ready Player One, too, Elena! Peer pressure!
Fuck yes you are! Take plenty of pictures!
Did you ever fake an illness to stay home from school?
Have you seen our new site Hottest Gay Chat www.hottestgaychat.com Lots of things to see and talk about
Brian Newman workshops going really well. Great turnout for Saturday's. One last today and then ... "get to work?"
This movie is hilarious.
lol. I shop at Walmart! haha!
Oh yeah!
The more we live -- the more we learn -- the more we know. Happy Wednesday!!!
Like ships in the night <3
Don't!!!! RT : I'm afraid to look at that pic
Anyone who went to Jazz Fest knows that Yellowman killed it. Big Tings at the Vintage Reggae WinterFest THIS SUNDAY!! FEB 19th!
Heading to Everest base camp in April. Would be happy to write a review for any of your gear. Let me know. Eric
#rip ryan dunn
thanks Jim! It was a great group and convo!
just presented at Foodie Night. It's a resource for finding gourmet food stores, organic providers, and more.
When will you bring back the Mushroom&Cheddar burger?
#oakland #thunder !!! <3
Interesting timeline. What about learning?
In honor of National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day I plan on eating (at least) 3 chocolate covered cherries! How many will you eat?
you better not take Sundial. Lottery.
So sad someone I loved listening to as a kid has just passed. #TheQueenOfDisco just spent her #LastDance #HeavenKnows R.I.P.
But it's not long enough
I thought I had a good vocab. But some of the words bein thrown around in this class is making me think otherwise...
Damn twitter told one me I told him I was sleep and he text me an said he see me on twitter... lmmfao!
Good shit Pacers!
People don't save money they didn't work for.....
Looked like he was denied a goal-scoring opportunity to me.
Gov says time is now for lawmakers to take leadership on stadium
I need more single friends lol
ding dong! Misread your tweet. Too bad you always do such a great job.
Just got up early to go to skool
Da scale told me I weigh 145 but my body feelin like 300#drained#
Huntsman: I was dismissed from a donor speech in FL b/c I spoke out
can't seem to facebook connect. whether i approve or deny optional permissions, I get "content not found". on ios app or web
Celebrating the March birthdays of Jazz Clarinet greats
Fact: Hunger is the world's No.1 health risk. It kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined.
it's my MOTHER and she's in love with a 17 year old vampire... weird?
#MaleModelMonday shout out to -- Happy Monday!
how would you feel if they added Trent Richardson, KWright, and Alshon Jeffery in draft? It's possible with 4,22,37.
Just got transfered from a flight to American airlines and I now have a whole new appreciation for how nice deltas planes are
you've still got the Best (west) Coast!
In the past parties have not done this because they feared voter backlash. But Media has treated obstruction as normal politics
that was a movie. although with enough sequals to form an entire season of a TV show.
"A mini-van is a like a moped; its fun to drive, but you just don't want your friends to see you." - in his rental van.
Whew! Final edits done on new library web site. Now time for user testing!
Why is my life so good
He Slightly Does! Who Is He?
If you have not seen a reply email or blog post and have sent blog material to me recently, send me a reminder email @ .
When are we going to do the Friends tour?
Changed the profile picture! Singing "Catch Me" by Demi Lovato!
:3 I have a coat if you want one, find me!
Just cause I said it don't mean that I meant it
I mean I get it the Force game is what rules now, but when they know me, they know I won't physically accost them so ???? SMH
First big spider kill of the year was an intense one. I got to send a message to all of them not to crawl under this door and fuck with me.
RT : At the end of the day, is just me myself & I
My little cousin thinks that British people are mythical creatures. THERE'S a future genius.
i think i fancy crying myself to sleep tonight, while watching nick is actually quite healthy you know :7
Fantastic tonight !! So great.....red piano and all!!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW She My BestFriend!!
ohh ok just wondering bc i saw a thing off craigslist lol
thx4 the follow. Do you know about ? We work with and #mommyblogger networks. perhaps intrstg
troy murphy sighting smh
I know right?! First time ever! I can't believe she dissed Lerone!
I will tell that you want to work with her. How about ?
Why? What came out?
Both Spanish and French sound AMAZING with a Southern US accent.
anyone have an extra scooter they could bring for me tomorrow? :)
I thought you didn't have an iPad.
thank you steener
Did you know that tomorrow is Pisco Sour Day? Where will you celebrate?
. just explained (hilariously) how to setup a mic stand for a piano. Now showing what background music sounds like.
You know what I haven't done in awhile? Pureed something in the food processor.
I done got indicted selling all white but I will never snitch none in my life. 300.
Taking a day off my normal activities and going to enjoy a kinda-cloudy-it-might-rain day outside!
Fishing Rod Racks or Holders make good Christmas presents.
Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity to heal.
When are you wanting to go? I have to finish some stuff at the office,
he'll return kicks for a couple years then move on. He's not a good fit in Harbaugh's system anyway.
Today in Literary History: On April 18, 1842 the first edition of THE POETS AND POETRY OF AMERICA was published.
so i've lost like 10 pounds or so since starting college and now my pants fit me even less than before! gah.
Dolly Girls in Handmade Dress with Apron ... - Tokyo Fashion News
See you at San Diego Airport May 22nd? Sound good?
Can we blame Ernie for this team? There's not enough veteran leadership on this squad!
#Pens fan, that's why, lol
That's why I want my own dog.
i dont get it...how do people know if is creeping haha
& : paul rice is coming to ! super jealous it'd be really cool to hear him speak! via
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs for days
Dr. Lee is going to VEW tomorrow, watch for live tweets
Look at the numbers. 100, 000 progressives would assure that Dems control Senate, Governor, & Presidential majority.
Just filled up at costco for 3.63! Winning!
u know who I'm thinking of right now lol: Hard to believe there are some people who are unaware of what morals are
Whaat forgot about Hollywood Bowl traffic! In your face LA! ": Oh joy it's season. #trafficsucks #barhamisabitch
Say hello to my little friend  he works on the popcorn counter. Before he was famous Al Pacino was a cinema usher
Hi! No and so bummed to miss it! Prior commitment before I heard about it. I still need to buy the book, too! Mew. You going?
i may have to watch it tomorrow... i have a psych test to study for... do u have a fb? that would b easier :)
ZERRAN. I haven't been on in awhile, Sorry D'x. BUT THANK YOU. HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO<3
I just logged in without a problem...but it says I'm the only person on.
"I met Tiger Woods this weekend & was amazed that he knew who I was" -Miles Austin. We know you too Miles! Awesome game tonight
3 and out needed for Raven backers
hipsters need to be removed
got your emailwill respond
RT : Local philanthropists have enormous untapped power and influence in their communities to be a voice for
& rr winners!!! Don't let nobody tell you otherwise!!
25quid on 12 lolz who does that. I guess people who are
When using resistance bands, try using a 5-second isometric hold at the peak contraction of each rep. You'll notice a difference.
who in the hell left the gate open! Lol
Garcia is a truly professional pitcher. He comes in with a plan. He knows what hes doing
needles scattered in the grass, sharper than the broken glass.
Listening to as we fall asleep. Merry Christmas Taylor! My sister and I got Wonderstruck! So excited! Have a good one :)
Best laugh of the day? Listening to my coworker talk to his girl. "You should come over to my spot tonight and we'll get weird". Amazing.
The BITCH in me is beggin to come out...I promise u dnt want it....
Random: Why is America's Next Top Model still on? Has it produced even ONE top model?
One of my favorites. Undo Me is a classic.
No, we're getting an Ex Libris product. Evergreen sounds kind of interesting, though.
Thanks for the shout out!
To the guys who "created" Words with Friends: No, you did not! Scrabble did.
RT : RT : My feelings for you have always been real. - #LE7ELSatREVEL Saturday, June 16!
Agreed!!! : God I hate #boston. #letsgoyankees #Yankees
THEN WHO WAS FONE?!
oh okay lol
At the movies ( :
it's not the greatest, but if you are looking for a good sandwich at a cheap price, it's the place to go.
Sick beats.
For some reason has decided she hates me, we arent friends, & never wants to talk to me *lays down in street & waits to die*
Solidarity is when you pass someone with a hoodie on & you both give the classic head nod.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
is coming to chicity!!
Jennifer Aniston's Wedding &amp; Engagement Magazine Covers Through the Years (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
hey pl follow a fellow atlantan ;)
It's a Disney kinda day...
anytime erin
RT : Maybe I'm not perfect for you, but someday I'll be perfect for someone.
The President is dead cause they blew up his head
Suhr DA bridge pickup installed in my Les Paul today. Replaced the stock BurstBucker. Sounds killer.
zero the senate or congress wont let them
K. So we made it through Glacier a few days ago but had some substantial technical difficulties. 85 hilly mi. to lasagna. Tomorrow, Idaho.
WTR Tv Ch 197 time warner 5pm right now
Get out and Vote,... this is a very important election!!! Please make a difference.
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
LOL. Stop beating around the bush. How do you REALLY feel? ;-)
our friend Lisa Beane is producing a new documentary on child+sex trafficking. I would like to keep you informed please.
"opposite, opposite" FTFO is on Nickolodeon right now on the East Coast, thats why
Just add few new products on my site, www.ndpclub.com
OMG. REMEMBER DECEMBER is trending it brings so much memories back of Awe <3
Day 4 of Flat Belly #Diet cleanse - already lost 6.5lbs-actual diet starts tmrw. Will see how it goes pretty hungry so far...
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
Since it's black history month allow me to educate you. 73 percent of black kids are born out of wedlock
Is Bert Macklin in attendance? RT: : New York #Knicks fans chanting "Asshole" at
I love my #Daddy:)
I want Justin Bieber's Someday perfume
I feel you lol.
wow man looking good
Hooking up with 2 German tourists at their hotel in 1 hour. They want to popper me up and use my holes. Fuck yeah!
You've cat to be kitten me right meow.
is again offering Season Tickets which give listeners a nice savings. Details at fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
No!! Bundy gave up his first hit. There goes the professional no no.
Why will my body not let me sleep until 4 am or later.
Just did my first 5k after knee surgery! 11 minuet mile, I'll take it.
Got through that with only one hold, at Wheaton.
How is everyone doing today? I hope you say "fucking awesome."
It's hot af in here. I'm about to take my pants off.
LOL! have you seen The Big C? This reminds me of the 1st season pool debacle. But you're not as grumpy as Marleen.
I love acting in love and playing opposite someone else who's doing the same. Its fun, cuz its just pretend but u can get really into it. :)
RT : Idolatry is seeking security and meaning in someone or something other than God.~GOOD MORNING
It's amazing how seeing or remembering one thing can change your entire mood. Great.
Tells self he's gonna sleep at midnight. Pretty girl posts status, must comment until complete -_- lol
stop by anytime. I'll be there all day today as well.
haha he almost ruined a lot of people Christmas lol
David Fricke of Rolling Stone in the house @ Continental Club ... Mike Mills & Chuck Prophet somewhere ...
kill it man
Loved having you share the afternoon with Velva Jean
Rondo mixed the fuck outta the hawks
what time is practice today ?
RT This Kreayshawn collab is the 1st 2 Chainz song I've bothered to listen to & it's really really really bad. He's hot right now?
looking forward to the
Not another girl???
The best things in life are not things.. They're acts. Whether it be acts of kindness, comedy acts, or sex acts.
Prince Fielder punched a guy once for not waiting. Maybe he should be the baseball ethics police
seriously love your foraging posts. They are awesome and I learn so much. Keep 'em coming.
former college coach claims he has trouble catching ball due to small hands
#FRANKIEGOBOOM: Score = cliche, 'quirky' elements = equally tired & ditto for entire 3rd act but a nicely laid out romcom w/ cute characters
it. is........ They don't add vanilla ice cream & many sugar as McDonalds does(:
I like teachers that allow me to use my iPod during class..
Why the rush? RT : RT : "Gingrich expected to suspend campaign one week from today, sources tell Fox News"
Hubby didn't fall for the April Fool's joke that I ripped the Thule off the top of the car when driving into the garage. Thought it was...
I haven't been to Bilbao yet. Tried last yr. Couldn't get a hotel. I ended up in Valencia.
Nothing says compulsive quite like tweeting and eating an entire box of tic tacs in 10 minutes.
#itshardwhen You take an examn and you dont know anything Last Try: COPY :) hahahahahaha
Admin textbook boiled down: delegate, take credit for good, place blame for bad. Repeat. :p
I am intrigued by this "sea urchin committee." corny sea life jokes would be so easy, but I'll keep to myself.
Robert Kiyosaki Explains the Power of the Perfect Business
I thought I was doing well then I looked at my achievements. I skipped a lot of stuff in Act I. I need to see if I can go back
- I haven't been there yet but it's added to my list!
Pearl jam better man :) I love you 100.3
RT : S/O to my soon to be future team... Just want my future teammates to know, It's BIG WE....little me
So... #thesituation just attempted to do comedy in front of thousands of people... He should've stuck with his usual routine..
: BHO will have more flexibility after the election, no worries....Not! flexibility head up ass kiss by
Happy Friday! Can't wait to fiesta #rotrally style
Also says to love and not to judge. Just pray for him and his family, Matt.
sent that link. you check it?
if you're complaining that Austream was only 10 minutes, you need to leave. you should be happy that he took those 10 minutes out of his (c)
Finishing up in the studio this week! Laying down vocals on the new tracks today.
 oh dan did we miss that :-( where the party at??? LOL Dont worry we're gonna redo it #OCHOdemayo LOL
I Still Got It For Ya
Either you run the day or the day runs you. ~ Jim Rohn
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that i check on every 10minutes to see if he tweeted<33.
OMG ABS!
IF YOU CAN READ THIS.....back up off my dick...
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Cannot wait to see you in 'cuse.
Thanks for sharing. And as a lawyer in the article says, Chester is the canary.
Done with class forEVER
this three day school week is going by way too slow. but i feel bad for , she gets out the day before christmas eve
He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984
Thanks for the rt!!
me too and i love seeing baby animals!! aww ahahhaa
he told me he would #hitmewitdahamma I told him ima throw him wit this #sweetcookie... :-)
I like both Albums alot but as of now i'd give the nod to C4 I think they both solid.
can u say loose den a mf
r cantayllama we will be glad to distribute the cards. please email us
If business isn't fun...start a different business!
High-Priced #Wines Hottest in December. Domestic varietals at $20-plus increased 26%; all domestics grew 8%. Via Wines & Vines
I don't even knw what to do anymore....
Lob city bitch, lob lob city bitch... This is MEMPHIS! We grind here!
Playin in 2k he one the first game by 19 but im win dis game
Sounds like you had a great weekend. Hope you're enjoying the sun today!
RT : #NeverTellAGirl she can't do something. Odds are she'll prove u wrong & possibly remind you about it over & over again.
Marc is the O's pitching and team that much improved or are the Yanks in a funk?
Don't forget our ping pong table & "Recombobulation Areas." :) And we like to thing of ourselves as unique! Happy Travels!
You can not replace $ for an education. Rich is rich and dumb is dumb
just added a killer feature to Weather Genie for iPad/iPhone!
"Each day, you must rise with a restless enthusiasm."
aww thank you (:
Now you can talk to all the girls you want. O, wait... Nothing new.
omg I can see the smiley face on my iPad, I guess it's just an iOS thing.
He was among several witnesses to discuss servicing practices.
Would love to see more cultural, ethnic, linguistic diversity - full breadth of our communities
Thanks to the people would follow me!!
that looks rather...dystopian.
Your mother is a whore. Yes I mean you.
your a fucking dumb slutty idiot
WIthout TV, I would have no idea who Mel Torm is.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Good try #Barca. I can't say I'm truly sad or upset since my team is !!!
Thumbs up on DS
According to 28% of people in #DC over age 25 have PhDs, more than any other state. Apparently I need more education!
Saw SO many book campaigns on the Tube in London last week...wonder how those are working out for those publishers!
RT : Please introduce yourself and tell us what Chapter you're from!
Church with the familia then out to lunch! It's gonna be a great day 
I guess Rihanna being Gay Now, Trying Something New Chris Brown won't get anymore Cake!, Cake!, Cake!, Cake! Cake! Tell me how you like it!
#MM think it's so awesome how u share #music! thx!
chillen kid same shit wbu ? What you been up too
I didnt think so!!!
#SFIndieFest starting Thursday. A ton of rad events lined up, including the Spinal Tap Tribute. Tweet at us for free tickets!
especially when children are involved.
yes it is!! why you ask??
I see if you have at your side he will be there till the end
same cause I have you as my GF <3
woop michele finally followed me. :') 
Geek Culture: Why we love Toonami (and need it to return) - 2D-X
Of course not! He's the King! #MakeMoneyMoneyMoney #RigSoHard RT : I guarantee LeBron wouldn't have gotten a 1gm Suspension
Giving up meat for Lent? Choice Eating's meatless menu helps ensure you get the nutrition you need and the flavor you crave.
Manning picks broncos!!!
#wordoftheday Even tho our trip to Woodstock was a tarry, seeing Levon Helm & Dawes @ the Midnight Ramble on 12/3 was amazing. -Thanks Kim!
Will do!
I hope they make the jeep big enough to hold East Portland people in it... East Portland need JOB!!!!
: Los Angeles hasnt changed me. I still put on leather pants one leg at a time.
Got a good fortune in my fortune cookie today: "If you must choose between two evils, choose the one you haven't tried before"
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
court date skip trial
i feel sick as fuck!! this medicine aint shit
Proud of my little girl for standing up to the bully at her daycare center, but told her we don't say mean things or hit in return, we go
#SoHighThat i Can touch the Sky...
It's almost impossible not to blast country music with your windows down in this weather (:
i saw that this weekend. There was a line out the door when i drove by!
I Just Wanna Get Up There..
So The Boondocks don't come on no more? Since when? Just last week I was staying up til 2:30 to watch it. Shameful.
okay well that's not too bad xD
no problem hope you get to your goal(:
Ice cream without sprinkles... Upsetting.
Discussion on the modern mass reproduction of #JimCrow signs as a form of memory reproduction and historical rendering.
i swore i'd never fall, but i fell....
Thanks again to all the attendees of the 2012 CFW Lectureship & Interim Session including those who participated through social media!
Save the date: Corporate Education Group's next Corporate Preview is on September 16th PM, Strategic Decision Making and more. Details soon!
I Love Surprises ;)
Be Massive @ Kildare's OSU! Crew @ 3:30 Also catch the Reds, Indians and the NHL playoffs on one of our 17 big screens!
Many brides-to-be are going on the "feeding tube diet" to lose weight for their wedding. Your message to them IS??
All My Best. Just get better. We will miss you but look forward to your return. We need you.
Agree no one was hitting shots.
wht was going on with u and brit this morning ?
Listening to the Joy Formidable to write the Code Formidable.
Me and the homie got them Drake tickets for May. I finally get to see Waka Flocka Flame perform...my life is complete lol
Hallowe'en, the traditional night to celebrate magic, is the ideal time for the media to interview one of Canada's worldclass magicians.
#ABDC is on(:
Don&#39;t Miss the Good Stuff | Rachelle Gardner
so far she has resubmitted her transcript to show increase in grades. how else can get off wait list at
I just dropped the hot sauce down the stairs...
I think i may have to be big about telling evanna lynch i saw a strawberry flavored bananna.However i think she will just say i told you so.
MUSTFollow and thank you to my friend
your right that's why there's manny in corners shit
California Dreamin' - The Mamas & The Papas
Shut off ur mouth look around, c then how much i fucking care about that bitch!! I got ur heart for life and i know for sure u will be back
lasan by michael kiwanuka: cannot wait for this dude to come to seattle!
Merry Christmas all! Hope everyone is having a great day! Xx
Wow. Very sad to hear of the passing of Carroll Shelby. Those who know of the Shelby Cobra, or are motorsports fans, all will miss him.
My goal is to be at SXSW next year.
#1ICONicYear "Hi im Louis & im 10" "i don't judge men" "were the iconic BOYZ from englishtown new jersey" "iconic BOYZ we da crew"
I know the game just started but.. what's going on CC?
I hope U ready supastar!!! I got the turntables in the oven warming up right now. CRUNK & DRUNK ON DECK!! OH YEAH
OMG (James Blunt) Tickets go on pre-sale tomorrow morning for the show in Atlantic City! EEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKK I'm so excited!
You walked away from the one girl who thinks about you day &night.
is in San Antonio! What to do?
(also: good luck!)
...Huh? Where did you come from?
was it a fixie?
tweet longer than 140 letters?Ive seen other people do it, but i dont know how..i cant find it on search..thanks! Jill Moser
In December. I'll be very ready by then. Plus we can wear Bermuda shorts and you can wear a visor instead of a fedora.
my MBP is having issues holding network time, which is causing bigger errors than one would expect. can't escape time.
gets all the bitches jealous, lol i love you. fuck bitches
Story of my life and ur just a turned page...
This was the best day except for my car being wrecked I will let the attorney handle all of that. I'm so pround of my Pamela she gave
": Fuck watching a porn movie I wanna make one!!! Who's down!!?" Let's make one
I must say, for entertainment, the #CollegeSlam college dunk contest is the best idea ESPN ever invented.
hm MT : Gen. Ri Yong Ho, symbiotic w/ #KimJongUn since '10, leaving for Laos. To be crass: is anyone betting on a coup?
oh, no problem.
just don't wear a bandana in gas America haha
big nite ahead in FUVland with and at Tarrytown Music Hall. WFUV will be recording both!
Spring is coming...you should probably put down the cookies and pick up your dumbbells
[Psa103] FatherGod thru Lord Christ has forgiven all of our past+present+future iniquities & has also healed all our current+future diseases
love the pics, can I make the 1of u at sunset MY profile pic...awesome!
RT : Greetings from #Tuscaloosa AL. Twin Anchors rocks!!!
Meissner: need to remind researchers they are responsible for the "search" part of research #saa10 s601
Biggie's and Pac's story are still so sad everytime I hear it
Key question: "Is current content being delivered in real-time, before consumer sees it before someone else?"
JAJAJ YOUR FUNNY
At the Dream Team meeting for Joplin Schools. How do we "BUILD" a 21st Century School?
I don't mind a light rain. Cleans my mood out.
I LOVE your website! Um...crazy I haven't checked it out before this!
is he the new endorser of penshoppe!?
ha well what are you hurting from then:p?
Today could be one of those days you are remembered for. 3 games for the whole damn thing.
Sitting in my harry potter room because too lazy to move ;-;
ikr...so sad I'm gonna cry across the galaxy. *ttear tear*
United Stats of America with is a pretty fun show
this area has bred some great horses in the last 10 years!
graas. Yea lol. It was funny
We've changed our event to 2013. It makes more sense to do it then. More time for planning & other things.
yeah! it's pretty good even though they massacre some Beatles songs
do you want to do karate in the garage?
Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition ~kids r bugging me
It's so much easier to be confident about other peoples situation rather than your own.
Pacific Division dominance! No, seriously.
Well, at least she'll have her prom ;-)
so far it all has to be honest I have been blessed & lucky I know i could be in way worse shape only had one major flare that
Street team models wanted for Houston this weekend $$$$$$
Plan PURPOSEFULLY, prepare PRAYERFULLY, proceed POSITIVELY, pursue PERSISTENTLY!!!
all of th corp owned media is right leaning based on how negative they are regarding the Pres. GOP lie left leaning media.
When I get off finna crack open dis 1800 and watch this "Avengers" movie
"We're like the Sopranos in a pick up truck."
well at least they weren't hitting on me. Or... whatever they were trying to do. (anger you?) lol
Don't let Monday get you down... Our Happy Hour is the place to be tonight from 5-8PM!
hi dear ;) love your photos!
I'm all about letting those folks jump right on off.
I was gonna wear them tomorrow lol. Its gonna be warm.
Dragging some serious ass right now, must get caffeine
Snow believes high unemployment rates are dangerous and every solution to an economic problem leads to another economic problem
I've never been one to sugar coat things. Just tell it like it is & if you're too sensitive to handle it, well then....
I have call me maybe on repeat! What is wrong with me? ???
Heading to #refreshaustin tonight for the first time in a while. Hoping to make it to more meetups this year!
Center for Competitive Politics doesn't oppose disclosure in theory, just in practice? hm
What number Hunger Games is depicted in the first book?
Just in: Jared solo set at Googie's Lounge (Living Room upstairs) Sat. 2/26 at 7:30!
videos like this make me even more confused! sleeping on it....
#ItsFunnyHow people can't be real with me...
Yup. It's attempted, but it never ends well. Non-Existent.
ADV ENG I - Don't forget about tomorrow's Socratic Discussion on love! Also we will be reviewing for the Romanticism test as well.
I swear this was the longest 20minutes
Glad Doo is home. Miss that little poop when he's with dad. He was a Skeleton Zombie Pirate for Halloween. Waiting 4 pics. Have a good week!
Yo Guys! Ive Decided That Im Gonna Be A Stripper :-)
We R a brand new computer service that currently deals w/NY & South Florida customers. Can we trade ads on eachothers media?
did you know?A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
Client news: RT Sequenta to present data at #ASH2011 highlighting use of #sequencing (#ICRS) to measure #cancer in blood
Our teachers rock!
Thanks! We greatly appreciate your support and love showcasing your beautiful products. Another photo shoot tomorrow!
Training for ? What was ur run today? I did 4.5!
in line for drinks.
Chicago Bears sign Concordia University (St. Paul) offensive tackle Tyler Hendrickson.
Funniest thing overheard today - "Girl, hold this while I put my wig back on."
I just reorganized my closet,cleaned the entire bathroom,did everyones laundry folded all the laundry,did the dishes & vaccumed every room:)
agreed. Great displays of mental strength from was he tweeting without the handbrake on? I think so, yes.
That was very much needed 
Ok Guys, you gotta follow !! Funny yet truthful tweets about Man Kind and the rules to being a Guy.
One of life's great mysteries...RT : Why do #Jazz musicians stand in line at the bank...? No one knows.
The morning sucks i hate talking to ppl this early dont wanna exchange any words jus take your coffee an be on your way
Pats D looks good - 19-0 realized?
Not sure. Instantly throw it away? Or give you a chance cuz you had the balls to be honest? lol
Q2: This is tough. Many hats = multiple priorities. Here we experience soc. media ebb/flow. Not ideal, but real.
or should that b "meow"??
Well gee ... the obvious response to that ?? would be #whatonearthwouldwebarterwith?
God will take you through hell just to get you to heaven.
everybody please follow my babe she new to this shit
I used to have a serious bread habit, but now I don't even miss it
My mom wants to make twitter now hahahaha no!
We wish! At a benefit. Soon we shall convene the nerding, Sir.
Gotta unravel the pieces to the puzzle to build it up again I suppose cuz the show is getting stale.
I'm frightened.
Good morning. Hope you all have a great day. :-)
I study RTF and have some friends in journalism. it's a useful major, and also easy to find a job. plus, every media...
See why I want to win?
Yay! Thank you, it was awesome! RT Congrats to on opening Motherbear, heard the show went well!
Yessir. From a couple of farms that both have grass-fed/pastured animals.
thats awesome! I will def let u know. Didn't take long to get that AL credit on imdb but of course they spelled my name wrong.Lol
It's a good day for a growler fill....well, aren't they all!
All these niggas making mills in the league and got them bad grains...du-rags work wonders. Looking at you Andre Miller.
can I borrow ten bucks?
Sam Riggs is getting airplay! You know it!
That's great. There's lots to do for non-delegates too - come to Charlotte if you can!
Jim Boehim what a coach after 36 seasons he can still adapt to his team to make it the best it can be. We are witnessing a genius.
where u at man?
has a paid internship avail for business, marketing, social media & event planning.
if you have on your social media you guys are in good hands
RocNation is Jay-z's management group that owns MMG
G+ employee!!! That's hilarious
lol,maybe later.im watching the hunger games rn c:
I'm in the Tribune Tower, but here is where my GPS says I am! Wowsa!
I Respect My Team
": im jealous lol"~~i was NOT prepared for his ass lol another Layzie Bone situation
What we see as rejection, God sees as adoption. When our earthly fathers fail us, God is always there.
I packed so many mags i almost didnt have room for shoes RT are you catching up on magazine reading on the Acela?
Olivia needs to step it up a notch!
worth it
More than likely, no.
damn sorry to hear..
The popularity of Downton Abbey should make execs realize that acting, characters, and writing trump high concept any day. But it won't.
Tonight's quote for : "Everybody's winning." --
Why the hell did jessica simspon name her baby girl a boy name?
RT thanks for the tweet, #ableveterans picked it up which is awesome! - thanks for the shout out Bryce!
It's 79 in Madison, but 30 degrees cooler in Milwaukee because of a Lake Michigan breeze. Which would you rather have?
In order to impact the world with the Diann Valentine brand, she knew TV was always in her plan.
Make your optimism come true. ~Author Unknown~
looks like we have a case of the Tuesday's over here!!!
Happy Lunar New Year 2012. The year of the Dragon.
"I am...Mrs. Iglesias." Kristen Wiig in sunglasses on the plane.
Talk abt a glass ceiling. SMDH!
R u tweeting? No I have Tourette's. Do u have twitter? Lady it's a tic. TS is a neurological disorder and Im a bit self conscious.
4. And she does not appear to have any pores.
No one ever wants to share a urinal with me
Did you say contract year? Does miracles RT : Swisher's body language right now is great at the plate.
SLOW@ WORK WATCH THE RAIN FALL.
ouch :S
We're bored. Where's a good day party
Looking for #Milwaukee businesses to share Social Media, SEO, SEM and Blogging Success stories.
Stook In Between The Too ... i Really Dont Know What To Do ... Dont Choose The One You Like Over The One You Love -&- GoodNight`
I will be on Red Rivers Live at Red River Radio today with Host Dellani Oakes and guest Mitch Haynes at 12 noon central time.
get with the program!!! :)
I'm observing global Apple otaku day from afar.
Chop Chop Hack Hack
you still awake defending these fourth quarter performances? Dang!
yes it will be nice for me to eat at Elsa's two nights in a row.
Many thanks! I know it should be common sense, but nervousness makes me seek to confirm - my mentor is currently overseas.
Si4S "sleep is for suckers" I take that back, I'm going to bed.
Wouldn't miss it for the world! It's 3 days before my bday!
I love life
Hope your weekend is off to a grand start! Thanks for thinking of us!
Tonight, join us at 6pm at the Herring Run Branch of the to see the newest films from
hmm, interesting! do they compliment you for looking young?
that is such a wonderful gift. Have a great match tonight.
So glad I had no school today!i had subway god bless!:) and no homework...now I have to make up writing ugh!
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Very addictive!" by Michelle
I have to be honest, I've never studied raw veganism. Are you trying it?
u sure did get the brisket mrs.ImInHeaven
Heyy! :D I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. How are you?
Thanks for the RT!! Have a great weekend!
chace hits that one.......
Ever since wrecked that scooter he's been driving like that
really??? Damn rebels! LOL! So, Toronto is province, what are some major cities there?
Everyone in this city is so fake. Ugh.
It would really make me happy if followed me!(:
That cuteness ensures their survival often, doesn't it?
I was jus wacting video and i noticed him look alike lol idk to me they do
Florida is 3 hours ahead.
If your girlfriend tells you tonight I'm going to make all your fantasies come true and she thinks she's involved, she's delusional
I hope so too! Is there a chance you might have to work wife?
"Misfortune tests friends, and detects enemies."
Magic is going to bring a winning attitude to the Dodgers, and a multiplex to right field.
how impressive was TWood at the plate, though? Love the 1.000 batting average!
why forcing?
Good morning all! Happy Monday!
it was great seeing you on Wednesday :) see you at the meeting next week!
! We're on at 1, see you there Hoyas! /yd
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
perhaps something like an URL shortener, where prepositions only count as one letter.
raised $900. I'm stoked. We were at the press pit for foster the people. they were insane. barely got out alive!
Thank you Healthcare, for making last night's Chicago Executive Forum a success. Can't wait 4 next yr!
We agree! : Figured it out: No #2011USWomensOpen & no rain for 3 mo's. here & rains buckets. We need more golf!
Who is going to an audition this week?
Thanks. Wish I could do more. Just added your site to my list of links. Excellent site.
i hope you realize that if you text me a "K" i'm going to ignore you.
Why does everything always have to be a thing?
I'm a Redskins, Nationals, and Capitals fan RT :
You know, chillin in the road listening to country while it rains at the baseball game 
If I'm going to be awake at 5:30am I might as well get up and finish this damn journal article. Esp since I head to PHX later today!
the Carolina team they suppose to he official so this a test
no id love too though
RT Cuz facebooks thinks its a fitness center! Or the movies!
wahs up long time no speak
I need new Haters, my old ones are starting to like me
You go Tweet-smack
It will be available- will take care of you!
Blog Writing is happening! Let me know what you need! Custom Property descriptions and more!
My foot sleep I can't walk
The #US ranks first in the world when it comes to putting people behind bars, per capita
O! Uh oh this All That. This is All That!
Self-trust is the first secret to success. Follow me for the rest of the secrets to success.
Angel was one of the most Amazing doggies ever!! Angel will be missed. I love you Angel.<3
#2011icf #David Peterson insights: Coaching works...Time to outcome seems to be the biggest variable...
the legion is right behind you
Oh my - YES! We have our Altered Landscape exhibition / collection up now...see here for future shows:...
Just wait until we drop Avaritia, seriously...
Works for cookies too.
When he makes refried beans, he only has to fry them once
if you're out there, I'm at the Buckeye Grill. Alone. Nobody else. At all. Come quick.
Anxiously awaiting delivery of yet another cheapo netbook. C'mon, UPS!
a little girl jus came up to me and said THANK U 4SERVING OUR COUNTRY.i said UR WELCOME SWEETHEART
I'm a fan of breakfast.
Wild thing
401k/benefits Amazing and unheard of nowadays for a small company to provide.Thank you
#WalkerFailure claims he can meet 250k jobs promise ... if he gets to use his own special way of counting.
Just watched mark zuckerberg on 60 min. FB is taking over! Big changes tomorrow:) Nerd luv :)
What's up in San Diego? Besides the low ceiling.
You're the 100th person I've followed. Congrats lady
I'm a model..
y.a.k sis yah book is my first pic .. and i want everybody to experience the realness and power of your book .. i got yah back
Just back from my weekly run. That's right, weekly. I don't want my body getting too used to it or anything.
feeling your pain in seattle, I found myself wearing long underwear today. CA looks very appealing about now
oh well that explains it lol I didn't know that, that's crazy tho...I spent a lot of time n Franklin co, my cuz from there
I heard the just won. Wasn't watching the game.
": We won't work out if you don't love The Smiths."
is the drawing somewhat accurate?
TY! ": Thank you Tara , tireless advocate for the Ballpark Neighborhood residents and businesses. You are awesome! :)"
Sometimes there's not enough Mountain Dew in the world to get me through the day.
We are ramping up! Please add us.
i love kitty
would you like to play a game?
Just borrowed the camp truck , took old rusted roofing, etc. to the dump, er, transfer station. Always fun. Organized, recycled.
Crushed under a deluge of document boxes/ The relics of time surround me/ When I am found in 50 years time, will they catalogue my remains?
14 more days in i will be back home in Detroit :)
I will break the law if it means I get to charleston in front of the 1 train for two hours with my ladies
Charge it.
Ugh so many memories made on the welcome to paradise tour. BABY COME BACK
Note to and all the rubes. NO ONE was ever going to build a stadium on a toxic dump in Arden Hills. Get over it.
Have a good night Jesse, see you in the morning!
What would you like to see me write about in my next blog?
~ thanks for makin the hike 2 th MKE!! bang a pot! boom! lookin forward to the NE event!!!
Great meeting you and hanging out tonight at
I know people who have them... about three I think but they're not really my friends or anything haha (antisocial butterfly)
whats not right???? : 's it's not right but it's okay totally saved the episode #gleerememberswhitney"
PLAY SANTA: What would YOU get a 13-year-old-girl for the Holidays?
Len needs to stay out of foul trouble. Our only chance is with him and Padge on the floor.
Ugh tyme flying
Not surprised by this Parkview alumni...the kid is an idiot and couldn't even get through high school without transferring.
I wish i was one of those 900 people...
oh, link, please?
That's good. Was beginning to get scary worried over here.
waiting for Diesel to convert the file to a size we can post. Sorry for the delay. :) still love us?
how hit was Stevie Nicks?!!
I know lol
Great match for Punk and Jericho but how do you build heat for a rematch. Seems lifeless now.
Thanks for the ramen
I haven't heard of that one
"Old man move" lol I love Shaq!
Mitt. What some of us want is for you to acknowledge that you couldnt have made it in America without America.
Whimsy Press hosting holiday open today at King Plow, 887 Marietta, studio T-102. Save 20% on collection of stationery and more.
Got A Few Things To Do Today..!
YOU GUYS.
- Julia/Schmoolia.What about me? Is this a new war on men?
Filming an anti-bullying music video this Saturday with rapper LG Wise and Joe Schillaci, star of THE FIRST 48. Details on my Facebook pages
Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault.
Fuck. I did get drunk and show everyone my dick the other night, didn't I?
Ladies: Eventually two things will happen. Either he'll realize you're worth it, or you'll realize he's not.
She Works Hard for the Money
Anyone want to come down to Roulette with me on Thursday to see Experiments in Opera?
lets go to the NL west for pitching instead of our farm system. Whatever, NYR 2-0
I wanna start working already !
i feel really sick i am having very bad belly pain
u right OKC in 4 RT : Man y'all silly as fuck if you think its going 5 games...
The Gymanimals love Disney ! And we know Disney Interactive Studios Love The Gymanimals! Yaaay! :-)
RT : When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states. #marriageequality !!
Good to know! How is the race support? Enough water stations and such?
Now is the time to be on Twitter! Big news from and to all of our friends in just a few more minutes!
lonely tonight
Thanks for the follow. We are following back
Just got back from #BuschGardens. OMFG I was so annoyed with my aunt so every ride I gave the camers the finger so she couldn't buy the pic
lmao in that case first one to get alcohol poisoning wins
Dependable cleaners summer reading program continues at Yogibo this morning at the South Shore Plaza. Come on by
#FF My online Sisters love them x
ya I still need to check out your house so mad I haven been invited. Totally woulda brought Funyons & maybe even some fishsticks..
Theres a guy walking outside my window singing love songs...
Dawg. Why kids always gota play with every toy.
YES. READ IT.
G'morning tweet peeps today is a day of chance. U know, if I do this will I chance that. Not going to think about it, just relaxing in bed.
Thx for the follow. Will shout out when were in The 'Ville next. Derby w/e must have been epic.
"To dream the impossible dream,To fight the unbeatable foe,To bear with unbearable sorrow, To run where the brave dare not go."
Dear everyone, there is no indication Carolina is going 3-4 permanently. Don't speculate abt it bc it prob won't happen.
Why do folks think everyone who dies go to heaven?
We just got our tickets to this years World Tea Expo!
I cant message you untill you follow me...whats your email?
yes I kno! Have u gotten tickets already?
thats to long!
how bout you charge yo phone, "nigga". ;)
Butt in seat, last nights vino, 5 pages: Go
Sounds like a plan hit me up asap 9104947955
What's your opinion? Will Google+ start becoming more popular after the changes rolled out by #newfacebook?
better follow me to billybob! ! and no we not following u! Lol
appropriately-- j-pol just offered to get me tim ho's.. he's the visitor- why u playin us? ;)
I thought the whole point of a ferris wheel was so you can pee on the people below you. I guess not.
back when I had an office (sob) I was known to do that all the time. Made going to class tough, ha. Many trips back to collect them
From one Braves fan to another, thanks for the follow.
Make it a '2 cup' morning!
when was the first one you went to?
Thanks for the RT, have a great Thursday!!
Dad passed away 15 years ago today. Can't believe it has been that long. A lot has changed since then
I am curious, what is everyones New Years Resolution for 2012?
My Tweet Stream is being throttled.
no funny business you two. I know all about teens in movie theaters 
More! YES!
Reds have now locked up Votto and Phillips for the long term. #pumped Looks like Jay Bruce may be the one out the door in a few years though
What happened last night?
Chef Miguel is making a warm pear and thyme soup for dinner. It is truly luscious!
Happy Holidays from Urban Pessimist! We will be coming back SOON.
down to the wire! Vote on 26-125. Our libraries are a last bastion of intellectual freedom and exploration.
Your avi makes my dick soft...
So who's taking care of Miss Bliss while she's down? :-)
HERE I GO
I've never had a migraine but I think my very first one hit me during that exam. No idea what I wrote.
Happy Birthday !
This heat is making me airhead-dizzy-giddy. I want snow.
Phone about to die.
I hate how people underestimate me because of my size. I may be small but I can't knock you out.
What's the current language...?
Every time I get a hair cut, it gets an inch or so shorter. There is NO way anyone at my school thinks I'm straight. .-.
IM FCCKIN HILARIOUS :)
That's the way to do it!
Watching I spit on your grave this movie is fucking sick im bout to burn this movie....
Between scenes so I'm about to pass out while the crew sets up:( z
are they painful? ALSO happy late 2 years-on-T day!
and she'll never be forgotten
STOP SHOOTIN' NEW YEARS REVOLUTION......LETS RESOLVE TO EVOLVE!!!
So Freddie Mercury is going to be the next hologram. That's certainly better than Adam Lambert fronting Queen.
Important question on #newbeans stream: how do you know your work is resonating? #loyaltyweek So important for the patron experience!
happy b-day
getting a giant headache...
Awww .... So sorry I wasn't what you expected! ... lmfao
Happy Easter everyone! Hope the Easter bunny treated ya kindly! God bless :)
Pins and needles in my butt
Virtual Worlds and museums - maintaining reputation and authority in field is important!
Still not a fan of the new gmail interface. Is anyone else having trouble reading it? I've got pretty good eyes (so I thought).
I'm going for sure. Count me in
Don't know if it's connected but having pain in the upper part of my right breast I'm male. Think I will stop & talk with nurse on Friday
your street cred may never recover
in cases like that, I look at what they funded in the past, & have informal chat w/ sponsor and share my idea. might help?
sitting on couch in DC just reading BR Tweets, and I swear yours gave me goosebumps.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 28
gotcha- not far myself. actually looking to join btyne or rejoin pcc. u play those courses?
No regrets!!
When was the last time u took your spouse out and had a good time? Have fun with your spouse tonight. Leave the past in the past & have fun!
From the sweetest wine, the tartest vinegar. ~ Portuguese Proverb
RT: when you take 3124696 minutes to text back <<<<<
please let the hostess know I'll be running a bit late
Thought this was obvious BUT when I said Id rape famous twats i didnt mean forcefully jam my dick in them, I meant verbally rape em w/ jokes
my gosh Cody, were you planning to kill all your angels or what? hehe
I wont lie but i have no service at the oment
Another beautiful Monday morning! What exciting thing are you doing this week?
The imposters sitting in seats don't have the home-run reflexes I'm accustomed to, watching on
it's normally fine but I moved my desktop into the living room and I'm trying to get the wireless card to work, it's being bad
you live to far nigga LOL
another test update
Good Seein Ya
We know mother's day is just around the corner, but what are you doing to celebrate Father's Day weekend?
Women in the gym are nothing but a distraction...a distraction I don't mind one bit!
Spending the evening watching Desperate Housewives. What are you doing?
Anybody in Longview got a room I can use for a couple weeks?
the moo went all high pitch, and I was like ah XO
Matt Leinhart will never be a starting qb ever again! mark my word!
TOGETHER WE CAN. SHOOT THE MOON, STOP THE RAIN, EVEN RIDE A HURRICANE. staaahp it Cheetah Girls.
And unhappy people like to stay in other peoples business causing drama!
on in 1 minute.
that awkward moment when you have no clue what the M station gas guy said.....
hehe :) well maybe that too, if you pine, you pin
: My prayers are w/ ur lil bro and your family. Stay strong V.D...God bless!!!
love that show!
You mean it doesn't??
If you smell smoke, don't worry, that's just my kitchen on fire.
HUGH. GIVE ME A CALL SOMETIME OK
which ones have you seen!?
Lunchtime Latina Leaders! If you haven't seen trailer "In Search of the American Dream," get ready -- Powerful.
Happy to be hanging out with our favorite Seattle crowd at #smcsea!
it was great to meet you yesterday. I want to see Sister Act and I want you to see Lion King.
San Diego Zoo today!! Yay - never been! :)
cuz your vagina became too wide set and there was no longer room for me! Lmao!
Sure does seem quiet in Fenway today...
What happens when April fools is all a big joke that has lasted for years hmm(;
I feel like that could be a metaphor for life. Tho I'm not sure what #12 would be. The sun? :)
yes we can do window cling.
no love.
wanted, #interior #designer that is #CAPS #certified, in the market. Thx for spreading the word.
Hey Steve I was your opening act "Toad The Mime" and just finished a book with Carl Gotleib. xoxoxo
Finished Tupelo Hassam's girlchild last night. Wanted to start over immediately. Great writing! Good story - sad but not depressing.
Gone be a long nite of tears!
Happy New Year everyone! And my office is closed tomorrow, so 2012 is getting off to a great start! One more day to hang out with the fam :)
I woke up thinking today was Tuesday...
I hate when ppl steal my side of the bed.
hey jason :)
Finished for the day, at one with nature. Ready for a good night.
New SINGLE called "DJ BRING IT BACK" produced by will be up for listenling soon.VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.VX!!!!!!!
Last week of swimming:D
GET THAT BODY LANGUAGE SINGLE ON ITUNES by FrankPerryProductionsMusicPublishingPresents hot track for the spring
trying to get to 100 tweets. Quick! Give me something interesting to say
that would be awesome! I would be there taking pics and vids.
thanks for spreading the word!
In the 90s rappers wore gold, not platinum.
Movies start today-- the Grinch & other animations at 3, It's a Wonderful Life at 730. All tickets $5. Thx to One Source FCU!!
yeah I played a 20 hr session, not sure how many hours I player seemed like 10-15 hrs a day
Brought it. I even emailed back! Just a little time left today. Who's gonna #FinishStrong w/ me?
"When you treat people like children, you get children's work." -"Rework" -from the founders of 37signals
Get FIVE Sonic Burger for $5.95 today only after 5pm. Only at Sonic #Baltimore located at 8212 Liberty Rd. Not valid w/ other Discounts
Breaking News Be sure to watch CNN Thursday February 9th 12 Noon EST feature segment
Amare braids look horrible
Not happy. Why is Dyson's lips are that other woman!!!
perhaps I'll let u know thx dude
~~>: #BestThingAboutBeingSingle You can do whatever you darn well please
The hulk is no fun when he's not a complete dumbass. I need him to go apeshit
Making my way back to the U.S.
you can at our next show! Where do u live??
seriously tho, 2nd row close to Max i know you all remember me, cmon.. no ?
its polka dot cheater
Any good ones you can think of? RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives. So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
Headed back to the studio soon!
i am so late with this but my morning was/is great. :)
If I may ask what camera do you shoot?
Just bought the Obey and Supreme leopard print snapback C:
Rihanna- Skin ;-)
yep yep
We pause today in remembrance of the lives lost on 9/11 and hope for comfort & peace for all on this tragic anniversary.
Just met and I'm already looking forward to your denouement.
Maybe it is, I don't know though.
:D thank you!
A new generation of coders
And Paxson & that guy who shot airball for NC St in '83. MT : there should be a wing of the HOF 4 players like Big Shot Bob Horry
my aunt recommended that too. I guess I'll have to try it.
Need hair models!!! send natural hair pics to deadline march 30
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 39
And so 4th;) We heart being right across the street from all of the fabulosity~
The only way around is through.
we look forward to welcoming you to stay.
Why did u have to unprotect ur tweets, just to follow me & accept my follow? Thank u for following Patrick too! :-))
what's going on! I can't speak for the rest of the band but I'm enjoying the cookie crumble from starbucks! Haha and you?
this day off is a joke
The Black Eyed Keys are so so good!
high five of approval! <3
We would like to welcome our new SayBayBee friends! And yay! It is the weekend! Anyone have any exciting plans?
Will do! Appreciated your reaching out.
You have the Power to Make Your Dreams a Reality! Don't wait to start working toward them! Start Today! Make it an Outstanding Day!
paisan, the special killed us, u need a sitcom
Option 2 is logical. You'd still hear them but not as loud as other players who have no perk.
I'm sorry and for not making it tonight. :/
aw:$ well thanks<3 and yay let's do it:')
thanks for the RT! It's been awhile since I've written, great to have you reading!
lmao I ain't even gone comment on that!
At least it's a healthy addiction. ;)
So, I guess my update rituals do not influence remote outcomes afterall. Damn quasi-magical thinking.
I see u homie
The Guto likes any band with at least one person playing a jug.
- uh, anytime
3 friends,..and I like them all!
#LetsGoCLIPPERS!! RT : Congrats to the closing out the series on the road... bring on the
please follow she is you biggest fan!90
Hello!! :D
Andy Cohen: I am with Jesus Barbie when we break the news about Osama Bin Laden.
The weather could not have been more perfect this weekend. Did you have a good trip? :)
Boost your metabolism with ganoderma,it doesn't have the drop that caffeine has. Get more info at: www.drblackston.organoderma.com
Coverage of Cristo Rey Jesuit's 1st-ever commencement begins RIGHT NOW: Check out Baltimore magazine's story on CRJ's outstanding seniors!
The amish are a constant reminder of how bad the world would be without technology
Spent a little too much time at target this morning... Off to la jolla farmers market to find ingredients for this weeks
YES! Jamie Moyer makes Rockies rotation.
We know we always out but somehow they will never see us.
Thanks for spreading the word, Matt!
Thinking about 's Owls baseball cap.
The ending of #GG omg......and the next season is the final one, shit!
desperate housewives!!!
no  thank you!
no there gonna be in a valado sneaker commercial
I dont know how i Deal'd with all the ish i have been through.Probably laughter and sex...which became another problem lmfa
Aww...have a great night #twinnie!
Connecticut becomes the 17th state to legalize medical marijuana. Hopefully in the future, it will be fully legal, taxed, and regulated.
Thank YOU for coming out!! What were some highlights of your meal?
YES! So sad. Told the kid about it. She said "Aw...that guy was old, but I really liked him" Think they'll do a spec on Thurs?
bo cancers are awesome!
Thanks, Mitch!
I WAS SO CONFUSED THIS MORNING!!!
so true! wish we were together nomming pork BBQ :)
Best part of my day.. Seeing and pop in at my work :) I love seeing my samboo 
How do you write songs if you can't play an instrument? Ideas, tips, tricks, suggestions, advice?
Just saw 2 little girls wearing a Justin Bieber sweater . Omg I love them . . 
- ILY, but please say things in your head before saying them out loud on "I'm gonna plug my wife."
Just watched Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Way more graphic than I expected! Some captivating twists though.
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
Only thing i fear is jesus n commitment
THANK YOU for speaking at the Ladies Who Launch Event! Your stories were inspiring and insightful!
Agreed. Mike Wickett just mentioned Russell Wilson as a possible backup to A-Rodg, that would be cool, too! But D-fence first.
Check out the Cybertour: Systems Librarians: Turning Individual Knowledge into Institutional Know-How at 3:30
Tomorrow's post at Great American Wines: Should You Join a Wine Club? (Short Answer--YES!)
You are welcome. TY to Microsoft for its many endeavors supporting K-12+
when what
What was the best prize you ever won in your life?
Nicki is so different, nobody else thought of dat, but nicki, my bitch
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.
who are these people????:)
Man i need a snack .
Hackers is on?? That's the #business. Gotta watch it
Hello to all my recent followers!
Shout out to you!
+1: : Mine would be doing his Chubby Checker impression and your reaction to it.
So i really really really really really wanna go to the zoo, idk why i just doo,
haha really? Someone I know??
is going to take Kipp and Sydney to iFly at Universal City! Has anyone tried indoor skydiving? I know it'll be a blast!
Me and my sis getting pedicures before a long day and night back in the studio!!
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon tomorrow Sat Feb 11th from 9-11 AM. New players welcome!
Perfect weekend for an outdoor shoot with the fam
rocked that "Nobody's Perfect" track on album
need help. can someone please recommend a good online project management tool? thnx!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways care and respect you, listen to you when your day is bad just let you know he cares
So ole fubu guy I think his name is Damon right...actually has a heart...lol....na he was moved with compassion and wanted to help.Nice!
Still counts!
Hard work and dedication always pays off in the long run.
RT thank you for your presentation today! (of course! Thank you for letting me show off to your team! #smorgit)
Okay, you make it for me, please?!
that's a lie stop, lying to yourself. Hahahah. My aunt is your grandma too :o
I'm gone get that dance lol
thank you! we had a blast this week- thanks for having us!
Webmail is back-- thanks Technology!
Seeing your punk'd episode and going insane. I laughed when you were "talking" on the phone :3
off on mike and mike last year and I'm crazy...well who be crazy now bitches! Lol I'm joking about the last part, but seriously
Scotland Yard: Live TONIGHT at 9: Jumbo Shrimp! NO COVER. Everybody loves Jumbo Shrimp so come down and see why. It's Friday, celebrate it!
lol its cool
When you see Vin Scully talking on TV, that just means baseball season has officially begun! GO Dodgers!!!!!!
Lol alright alright alright ;)
k but she might not answer
im almost done with my spring homework. one im on my last essy :)
Gibson Guitar Endorses Spring Press/School Tour California, Washington, Nevada, Texas, Florida, Tennesse and NY. Dates TBA
Yes but more because we're called on to help in the end and not during the planning process or beginning (re:A1)
Has everyone seen ? Love the film. A+ Paper. #goodjob! David's 'hostage videos' outtakes were so great.
I gave +K about Social Media on
you're welcome!! :)
what!?! That's a bad choice man. You might actually seem cooler blowing it off though. Crazy, but cooler.
MAKE BEASTIE BOYS VINYL
runs my pr. The infamous Roger Neal
We're planning some digital humanities speed dating at UF to kick-start some collaborations. Has anyone tried this?
Yay! You're welcome. :-)
I Touch Down And Cause Hell!
congrats to you all...
Never outsource more than 90% of your offshore production.
says hi(;
thx debby! Also, thx for the advice on FB yesterday, liked the article :)
Rain will forever remind me of elementary school recess: lunch on desks, wet tights, bill nye the science guy and pogs!
Sometimes, we need to lose what we love in order to truly appreciate it.
To my Pastor, its been 2 years since we sat down and discussed a plan laid out for me. I need to come in & touch base....
OMG!! Hes so perfect i love him lol
make bitches cry like me
Ugh I have no energy today 
omg im so sorry about your sister and your mom and everything else madison was right your life is precious dont waste it! <3
aight got ya
When will Treyarch/IW update their engine? Every new game has more or less the same graphics, just a little bit updated ._.
Fern Isle Park tommorow. Gonna start filiming with Steven, Dreon, Josue, Justin, Jancy, &Jen (y)
When the devil tells you you're a failure when he says you'll never amount to anything put him in his place, then dare to follow your dream!
Thanks for being so FREAKING awesome!!
#20ThingsAboutMe 1. I'm taken to :*
where are you from??
Finally on this since I made it like a year ago lmao
OCNJ Beach Vacation! Hello Short commute and a whole lot of Sun!
Yes and Me Too! RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there. I'm relaxing and watching on TV then some grillin'
Round #5 is going strong (the final roundtable session). This fifth round will conclude at 3:55 p.m.
looking for a job
San Francisco, where strangers just chat, a lot, and with no expectation or reason.
Seriously its too fucking hot in my room!
it's a well known hazard of outdoor nightie-wearing. not that i'm trying to dissuade you
I won't be able to get the time off of work that fast. I was thinking maybe CMA Fest, but you're probably working it, right?
Hey Aaron. I love you.
do u know of any studio/loft locations in LA that you recommend
at grad party eatn up everything.... ayyyeee
i keep it 100. Been around lil shawty so i know what u tryna do. Not bout to get played by a youngin. Get yo priorities straight.
what time is the tasting?
whatever happens, I pretty much only care about the Western Conference. The stars in the East have been decimated.
Haha! I just died. That little girl is a riot. #toddlersandtiaras RT ": Have a great weekend honey boo boo children"
tell me they don't want it back. I just made an awesome alarm clock/tanning bed/gene mutator.
Last day of school, and End of 1st Semester! :)
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my Android
Highlight of the three stooges: seeing Jane Lynch play a nun.
its great(: I just wish austin would take off these dang socks!
Hours. M-F 11am to 4pm0
Nowhere near tired.
Hi hun, Thanks, how are you?
Pictures of the Lego #LSP look pretty cool!
Not sure if the Born This Way Ball ticket is expensive, or I am just poor..
I TOLD YOU! And I should have gone to the EPA. Worse things happen at sea!
Sometimes I just look back to what I just did and be like,"Why the hell did I just do that?"...
FANNY PAK NEEDS TO LEAVE ALREADY
I hate flat curly hair, I LOVE my big curly hair.
5 o'clock in the morning might be the worst song ever
Amy says the guy that runs the local Wounded Warriors Project can connect you. He's a gym member. She will send his info ur way.
Thank you! The facts may surprise us, but they confirm that our presumptions are often off-base.
Nice article. I tend to think of myself as Type 2 but know a lot of Type 1 players, to whom I say "have fun with that"
you too Melanie. You can text me at 871-7326
Thank you & Candace for hooking me up.
Megan and her friend were reading sides for Dark Shadows
"my music on your head like hijab" -
Thinking of ditching user centered design for association centered design. Seems to be much more in demand.
Google Places team announced that they will be hosting a Hangout tomorrow at 11 PST #cardealer #automarketing Please share.
What time will you guys be in tomorrow?
Happy Friday! May it be free of Rebecca Black songs! :)
After lurking around msg boards, it looks like PSVita owners are experiencing the same feelings 3DS owners were a year ago...
Right? They were fine as grapes. Why do that to them?
Nike set to unveil #NFL uniform designs; will go on sale 4/26 at Draft. Many reasons NFL is best in business. Timing is one.
Well at least they are opening with a good song!
Would love to see you host the #Oscars one day!
Kowba: Our ability to borrow $ will b based on credit rating. Wall St. doesn't care about quality education
I voted. Do not screw this up, :)
I'm weaning myself from the Faceass network. Using this to vent.
So jealous right now!
Thanks for the great chat! Good Night All!
Go Rado! Well done.
I went to go see some gypsy to tell me my future, but she asked for my photograph instead.
Deep, Sexy House at Area 31 EPIC Hotel...
Summer means that it's time for an inordinate amount of classic rock.
It counts to me too lol.
Money is burning a hole in my pocket and #bloomingdales is having 20% off!
i love watchin myself on camera
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen soo... :c
interesting site, we're building a cloud app Platform (paas) with developer collaboration features, in Beta soon
Less than 20 mins left till FRIDAY!! Who's got fun plans for the #weekend ??
hashtag is #umwfa12. Make that deadline!
In connected learning, how do we encourage a healthy information diet? And how do we also meet kids where they are in pop culture?
watch out world : the troops have slowly dwindled and it's just me and so lookout things could get crazy!
North Carolina voters decide on same-sex marriage ban today
Thanks for the referral! :)
#RobWilson is a gentleman.
staining my uncles deck :(((
omg, from where?
No relationship is ever a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you don't want
"To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Joseph Chilton Pearce
Night, Troy.
Give God your heart He wont break it<3
#20ThingsAboutMe 19. I was born in america but now I live in Ireland :D
do you want my pin to wear on your UNLV shirt Thursday?
congrats on 3 million :) i think u get around 1 million follower every month or so :)
This guy hes so hott! Freaking Awsome too! But you cant touch it hes not on sale yet. XD
Poolside margaritas sound really good right now...
MN Schools Apply for the MAEF Spotlight Award! Spotlight Excellence in Achievement, Innovation /Technology, & Community! www.maefboard.com
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking. Why bother, right? We have twitter. haha
Need friends to follow the Boys & Girls Club...visit to follow... Need as many "followers" as we can! Please follow! Thanks.
Ladies always follow your instincts 9 time out of 10 they are right!
Please keep spamming me so I can block you all. You know who you are. I am a one woman blocking machine!
come over! after my bro leaves I'll prob hang here for a little bit before I go to the library
And I love Keke's dress (:
I agree with your sentiment but would challenge you to find compelling facts like why hasn't he shut down GITMO? then your link
Today has sucked so far and I have so much to do in the next 4 hours. Boo.
Face time me!!
The inner little girl in me squealed and jumped up and down!
#Indian gaming (casinos, etc) resulted in $30 billion last year.
ur movie is the best!!!!!!!! I love u!!! Follow me? !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
This is why I love America. RT : #Top100Lies WWE is FAKE...smh no you're the one that fake!!
Spring break has been very good to me so far.. 
We thought it was pretty awesome ourselves.
Thanks for your help today with the Steve & Mason Kelley interview! You Rock!
I am officially homeless Twitter world. Couch hopping, here I come.
"There is nothing less original than attacking popular culture." Wiser words have never been spoken.
that movie was awesome Denzel was blind the whole movie did you catch that at the end? How you doing buddy?*drop kicks face*
You know was one of my profs at Duke?
Why is it that when you tell someone you're going to do something if they don't behave properly, and then you do it, why are they surprised?
80% of noncouch potatoes would like to get more exercise, but say they dont have the time
In such a bad mood.
let's talk getarz !!
Five minutes later...still watching Baker Cat
Who's going to the Hounds game tonight? The MLL Commissioner will be there!
super tired!
Chris Crocker is on Jay Leno tonight! Representing the tri-cities, woop woop!
Everyone please tweet to tweet us reasons why Sophies mom should buy her VIP, or else she can't get them!!!! Help us out (:
Want the hour I wasted watching back last! Not an ounce of singing on a singing show! tell your viewers!
Just finished a nice work out .... Feeling super pumped now off to get my princess ready for school !!
Looks like I won't be playing soccer for a while.
. gives a great example of a clear, easy to understand call to action.
I don't care about history. English beers are garbage. I can't think of one English brewer that I would consider great
yo want sum food
Good night world. Tomorrow's a new day, new adventure.
online banks are an idea I hadn't thought of.
So I'm all like "what the hell is on tv on a Sunday morning?" and then it's all "I give you a no honk guarantee. " excellent.
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
Great closing performance at #AMA 's, killed it!
Back in ILM for thesis defense! The 7 hour drive seemed to go pretty fast...
Just got the #UK license plate on the new truck
Thanks to a Canadian on the crew, we have Tim Horton's coffee in the production office.
I'll believe it when I see it #Punxsutawney, Happy Groundhog Day!
Every #Brewers game lately involves halftime adjustments. Tonight: pitchers' duel followed by batting practice. Good D by Weeks, Morgan.
Sunday evening with my hubby, listening to the rain:)
what is that?
Jeff Gordon captures his 71st career pole (191.623) after run at Talladega
Cool! Likewise! :)
I vastly prefer your interpretation. Gonna go with that.
Y r u obsessed w/tying this word 2 things. Can't u make an argument w/out using that word?
7 page research paper, you are done! Now it's a coast to the finish line! I can smell the California Coast already!!
"Father of Constitution", James Madison born today in 1751. 261 yrs later, Congress wipes ass daily on the Constitution. Thumbs Up Congress!
aye s/o to TJT
panda Peyton likes me more....so just stop trying lmao and yes I've put ppl in full body casts
Most outdoor fires prohibited in Madison, fire department says
Good cider tastes no more like apple juice than fine wine tastes like grape juice. Expect more from your cider! Join the Cider Revolution!
This is gonna be a good weekend. I'm feeling it. Quality time with Taylor woohoo! I am seriously in like.
You can catch it like a pop up to the infield, When a half a dozen shots rainin through your windshield
RT <3 you too, badass!// can't wait to come home and see you very soon :)
so i think i can still graduate if i don't hand in my finals... or at least sneak in the back.
Sounds like you need to set your alarm for a bit earlier. You can do it!
And the spectrum scholars luncheon is at 12:30 TODAY in the special functions room!
BTW, no hard feelings but I never respond to that True Twit thing. I understand if that's a deal breaker for some tweeps.
Thanks for following me too :D x
The first rule of Twitterberry is you don't talk about Twitterberry.
I had the farm burger as well. I have never had country ham on a burger.
I think Bronson Pinchot should be cast as Abed's father on
You get extra-credit for that tweet, Gregory :)
I know where the #loveoftech comes from now!
#fact my real name is Anavahn. But I hate it.
:-) Likewisr RT Thanks for the #FF shout outs! Wishing you both a magical weekend. xo, g
Wish I was in Knoxville for tonight
Been to the desert lately? My favorite time of the year in the far east county - lots of dry heat and great deals at places like the Palms.
Why are you not performing in DC???? Baltimore doesn't count we need you in DC too any plans to come here?
These times are hard but they will pass
I need food
so...gmail is down. that's really inconvenient.
Who else is going to the DesignSlam tonight? Want to grab a quick bite beforehand?
No because every time they say we have to talk i brake up before they say anithing else.
To the random guest in our tiny chat that just started playing , i love you.
Great game last night, especially
I hate when people tweet me this is how you can get to follow me. He already is. Stop tweeting me that
#Weeding in the BFs. Some dusty stuff in there.
Wearing a long sleeved navy tee and jeans on an 80 degree day. Brilliant, asshat.
Did you carve my name into its tail? At least my initials? EWM. You can use the same sword motion to write all three letters.
I linked the image so that when you update my tweet would always refer to the correct comic - most of my followers are...
Per the website, entrance to the snakepit is free with any race day ticket.
Sorry, DSLR. Prefer Canon or Nikon (I have both, so not a giant preference for either).
Like he calls gauges "gators". It's so cute!!
Haha, I'll cause a ruckus
I hate young moms/grls having a half naked pics on f.b./twitter etc.like common you got baby don't do that be mature. That's just not right!
Not enough people are asking why we don't have a taco stand in the lobby of our building.
Can someone have success when those around him don't believe in their vision? Side note: Most success was brewed out of spite.
rapp videos... butts
Actually, I DO like them, mostly.
Just received a very nice email from a young woman. She wrote, "I want to model my career after yours" & asked me to mentor her. Of course!
I've already committed 40 minutes to waiting for the Apple Store to open, can't give up now!
Come to my pool, it's very shallow. I'm sure you'll fit right in.
Amazing production with Madonna's halftime show. The visuals were outstanding!
...staring that is! I need to wake up!!
GOOD LUCK!! I really enjoyed your portrayal of Maxie!
I'm a United fan. City just took the title at the last minute :(
Do you listen to #music at work? What's on YOUR #Humpday playlist? Right now - chugging along with a little Cut Chemist. Makes life funkier.
I only use it to be a little more polite. I try to keep it Rated G on here.
You do me ANY kinda way. I'm on da flo' starvin.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. Buddha
Thanks to the lovely ladies of for coming in for industry night. I am looking forward to trying their ceviche very soon!
PAUSE! i did NOT know you were workin at Alison Group! uhmmm thats freakin awesome woman!
Wow I'm lovin these Griffin KIA Optima commercials. The commercials make me want to get the car.
Thanks for the info! We'll pass it along to our fleet team.
its cool take your time.i have so many ppl i am watching on twitch right now.i can watch them in till you come back. :)
i just realized i never actually said happy birthday to u yesterday,so happy birthday i wuv you and i get to see u tomorow!
4-1 tonight Hope everyone made some cash
I sho just #murdered 1!!RT : How do #McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ???? That shit dumb good
I Did! Now time to get rid of the entrapments!
TRUST ME MAN!
Glad this weekend is over. Startin spring break '12
Going to blue man group rather unexpectedly tonight
This friday April 27th its going down at The Toc Bar
Dr. Mommy and Friends is now the Online Resource for Busy Women!!
There was WAY too many people in Cheesecake Factory today!
Hamster (Winnie) this is why we can't have nice things (friends).
RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games! The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!
Someone come cuddle with me! This weather if perfect for it.
I got Waterboarded the other night 2 get the "Baby crying and coughing up embrionic fluid" sound effect we needed for this Life Stains skit.
Tampa Tampa That Tampa FL life
me RT : My followers >
Wow. Recommend.me is a total spambot. Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up. So. Evil.
congratulations bender!! You're the millionth person to say that the Bearcats are classless! You win!
Singing to the top of my lungs with when driving  love her!!
give me a shout out an ill give one back
That's right my Cuzco!! ": BONIFACIO! #1 #marlins! Go fish ! "
Off to dinner for my moms bday!
Not even halfway done with my ouline ._____. fml
c'mon, dig that beard! if I could grow that kind of facial hair, I would teach any damn thing I could just to show it off.
What's a king to a god, what's a god to a nonbeliever
The modal student right now is working and going to school to obtain their education.
me neither!!! :D cool, school is school and you can transfer! I wanted to take a year off but my parents would KILL me -__________-
I swear, Brody is always working at taco bell. I see him whenever I'm there
Need sum ink quick
yah it's like you hate people , and they just have that name.
Happy Tuesday!!! Come visit our 50% OFF table for cute finds!
where u located now?
lol that's where I've been but I'm leaving today
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach
will it heal?
Hey Chicago! Check out our new mobile deal @ www.Kupoz.com - unlock by sharing on FB or Twitter and get free chocolate cake and a badge!
I'm loving this app. Block, block, block!!!
Now this has gotten good. #LMAFO #Madonna. #halftime Super Bowl
Nine more days till the Biggest Sagg. B-Day Bash ever at !!
Hola! We're Southport Lanes - a former brothel, speakeasy and gambling hall turned vintage bowling alley & Lakeview staple!
At least Peralta is lined up with him.
If results stick in Waukesha, it teaches #wisconsin #progressives that we need to generate higher numbers in future elections.
You gotta love some people from a distance.
This is what we love to hear! RT : The new signage is working! Three applicants already!
Thanks for the follow! Following you too!
At the park with Riley. Pondering humans' competitive nature. What would Kickball be without it?
Wellingderps and David... we are all so sadistic
Brunch is on at Lottie's, starting at 11 a.m. this morning.
know it's not true! good luck
Very cool move!
Thanks for the follow
Drum tracks for three tunes are on the can. Ol' One-Take strikes again!
Good Morning #Baltimore. We finally made it to Friday. Make sure you get your Mardi Gras tickets for Saturday!!
nice work!
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who be wearing tube tops & booty shorts
Somewhere, James Franco is studying, painting, directing a movie, writing a poem, and laughing *hard*.
Taking a nap, then baking goodies with the family. Oh, and putting together a gingerbread train :)
Feeling very happy today..... ;)
I need to smoke.
Driving and I'm speeding
Over 1000 followers on twitter now! Thanks everyone.
me!! thats usually what I wear around the house
I had never had an opportunity to listen to Vin Scully before, but he's fantastic. Really like that it's only him on the Dodgers' broadcast.
Wow just realized all games today are 3-1
if by the time the bar closes and u feel like falling down, I'll carry you home tonight.
none confirmed yet! Ill mention you on here when we do!
Tons of politicians and #2012 Presidential candidates in #DC this weekend for the 2011 Values Voter Summit
yes most definitely. any chance i can get to see Chip i'm there.
CHRISTIAN! YOU LIKE SPONGEBOB?
Is this the kind of content that'll be available through Design TV? (Hoping so!)
Almost Done!
What does it look like? I want to see a picture.
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny? By the egg on its face.
missed the convo but I assume "Mandigo" is a guys funstick?
Guessed wrong, pulled the plug on tonight's tweetup 's Miraval (worried about rush hour rain). Realtors, watch for a reschedule!
BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR #BELIEVE(: #40DAYS !!! :D <3
or maybe stormy would be anakin? i mean, he grows up to be darth vader...
that's lmfaoo but she says thankss 
Whether you want to give yoga a try or you already love it, come to MBG this Weds, Thurs, and/or Sun for free trial classes and orientation!
Robert Gates & Jon Stewart on Fox News Sunday this Sunday. Will either one be live in the DC studio?
Calling it
I have a weird addiction to plaid.
Steve Sailor: "those LA blue-collar whites who don't flee 2 Utah will tend 2 assimilate genetically & culturally into Latino culture" Wkpdia
EG is practicing making snow angels on our living room floor. :)
Houston Hoops over Tampa Titans 50-37 in first pool game at AAU Nationals.
Thirsty as. :I
i need 20 shots! my brain is fried! cant wait!
we have had good luck with Craigslist. Ike's stuff super cheap and fun stuff for not much more
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend! Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;)
It's really quite funny how many people ask me "So you're going to be a politician?" when they see me doing my poli sci homework
Happy holidays From
ole quiet ass!
you know the original Starbucks logo showed a topless mermaid, right? I really think they've toned it down.
...around & walk in the other direction?
happy birthday <3 i hope it is a good one.. for whats left of it atleast :)
 What starts with "t" ends with "t" and is filled with "t"?
that sound like a long time from now
Why is the "Ah sh!*" message always playing? Wish the schedule was back on track so my DVR recordings weren't ruined.
I love to support the , but do you think I could get a decent girl cut from your Barracks Row barbers? Might be scary! ;)
We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
I need some BI SQL Gurus as well for Seattle
What do you mean?
The worst part is that if i did what she did id be grounded for a year but of course cause its my sis shes not even grounded for a day
Thanks for the follow, Taziki's menu looks awesome!
hate to miss this one...we're coming for the 2nd half
#FF these funny ladies who also just happen to be my neighbors! Life is so crazy like that.
RT Where live on from inside yall come out!!!
i just got this letter from a photography asking me to model for some senior portrait stuff xD
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends. So don't act like this
When people carry around their car keys because they think it makes them look cool. Just no.
Girl YES! No holding back.
Love you too :)
: It's possible for a vagina to literally fall out. This is called "pelvic prolapse." excuse me miss u dropped ur vagina hahaha!
Had fun with my sis kelly today. Got new gagues and decided to go up a size i am now at 7/15. No more after this.
not sure how I missed this one. I just may take you up on it. But I must say - I do love my fancy collared shirt!
Playin Assassin's Creed on my Ps3
Right like, Its hot af
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
Beyond irritated! Off this shit for a while..
I love the "Imported from Detroit" ad campaign from Chrysler...
yeah yeah yeah. OMG TEACH EVE HOW TO SAY THAT
Yes we are! We are coming tomorrow!!!
(Chris) Analyzing evidence with Savage and Phillips. Interesting stuff...
oh! i love suites! one night i watched tv all night in the living room of a suite lol
the kid is getting huge!
Even their "standard" sizing runs ridiculously small, is what I discovered when I tried them on.
Who invited you into our league anyway,
As a father you only wanna deal with a woman with kids (2max)..lol or an older/very mature woman who understands your job as a father.
No matter how bad my body get injured I'll be able to do what I do, no matter what situation I'm in
: All of my wonderful followers NEED to follow They go hard for the #movement
Warner had 15 Ks in that game, 1 walk.
When i crave somethin i go get it! Lol
Sure Bell gets paid in 2012. The rest of his total package is likely money to never be earned from the Eagles.
Wake up from that dream!
The word FUCK is used 5 times in the first 10 pages of my script. Maybe I'm not an artist at all. Maybe I'm just a potty mouth.
Having a fire drill today
Good morning!! What's everyone up to today? :)
Thanks lets get together! Reach out to to start working together :)
Was up last night till midnight rewatching the ep!
I say AND Scene all the way.
Tuesday #HCG Tip: Stress can lead to slowed/stalled weight loss on P2. Do breathing exercises or yoga during ur times of high stress.
"Be led by your dreams, not pushed by your problems."
haha me and my neighbors are throwing julie an early bday party! in my hood, next friday night!
I wasn't yelling in her face and the boys wasn't yelling at Rebecca so she lied
that's all we can do.
do it cause you guys will always owe me forever!
I saw an author who stole coffee everyday, that wasn't theirs from Starbucks. You obviously know how important coffee is at conf!
can't wait to serve you our Sonoran. Stat tuned, it'll be here soon.
xmen first class was an action pact movie that i would recommend to anyone who likes mutants or the cold war or both
Ooh. Website revamps. Love them. is working on a big one, too. Your advice would be very welcomed.
the Sebring handles like a dream RT Carpooling to work with Please call me Mr. Ohio, moving forward
I am so excited!!! The prize is pride!!!
I feel you, really think he's a better game manager than Carson Palmer. But at least he's on a good team.
Beanie just did a classic Michael Jackson moonwalk on stage. Nice!
Finale of #VampireDiaries ...yes it's amazing :D
Cant wait till fall ball!
Howard University has an African Diaspora program, but there are many others around the country. Where did you attend school?
FREE LUNCH about to start at the Wesley! In honor of the Rangers great work, today is a ball park homerun lunch!
For Elrod ES? Is the crossing guard typically a police officer or a volunteer?
smart show on protecting kids from child sex abuse. Let's keep the conversation going
Both twitter and facebook are blocked at my school. I agree twitter is the best for personal pro dev. Would love to use it
The M.A.D. Caregiver may be close to throwing in the towel...
Thanks! I'm playing again today from 7 - 11 PM
#Palko strikes again!!!
#CRE #SBA #LOAN We are now offering a limited time promotional price of $199 for our SBA Records Search with Risk assessment reports!
Paulin please rethink quick kill bill. Or, really, THINK.
god i hope so
lets be bff :D
Even more amazing than winning a Chipotle sweepstakes: Discovering Chipotle has menus.
Ashamed to say I don't know diff bet a nano & a micro, but am a big fan
- yeah, upset that Rodney won't be on drums in Bloomington, but excited that Bernie Worrell will be on keys.
You Are My Sunshine
Happy Birthday to and !!!
Haha. It's not easy to get replacements for those industrial-strength Velcro strips.
Just got my Travel Reservations for the American Idol Finale... sure do hate getting on airplanes!!!!!!!
I love how #DowntonAbbey depicts the first wave of #feminism. Most people think the women's rights movt. evolved in the 1960's. No so.
Thank you for keeping such a beautiful piece of history alive for all to enjoy!
Jacob is my name and sarcasm is my game
break a reed, cack a note... Wish I could be there. Got worky assignments. Oy.
The Little Things You Do Together
So focused on what life hasn't done for me I can even enjoy all the success brought to me.
sounds more exciting that way
I believe life is a series of near misses. A lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all. It's seizing the day and accepting responsib
I'm reading a lot about SM as if SM=Marketing. As mktg exec interested more in best ways to leverage SM within my global mktg strategy.
I haven't done homework in over a month. It's wonderful and terrible at the same time :///
You still on that Mitt Romney bandwagon?
omg loving my kindle more and more every second
The weeknd version of every drake song Is better than the original >
Miami vs OKC tonight =Finals Preview! #nbafantreat school on he needs the lesson.
Thanks for stopping in! Hope you had a great time :)
Only 6 days left to register for Picture Perfect Spa Presents the INBF/WNBF Texas Fit Model Search (www.TexasFitModel.com)
carillons soccer game :(
I remember going there about 10 years ago and I was at least old enough to appreciate what a cool place it was. Want to go back
make it nasty *asya's voice*
#Virgo the country MB will take you to: Paris
Boise, ID.
Good luck in your search. The DTWatch was most entertaining. :)
will u follow me
yes! The question is are you groomed for it?
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits
mister "everybody retweets me" think youre cool , huh ?
Happy early Mother's day to all the wonderful mothers. "There is no way to be a perfect mother.. but a million ways to be a good one."
hope you are having a great time!
Ask the many who have my social security number...
we already did 
Out in this sun, im loving it ;)
looking forward leading the 4:30 discussion "How Well Do You Know Your Audience?" at Monday's
We were in evac at work until a couple minutes ago, huddled in stairwells and inner offices. Storm's headed east now.
hey guys, start your games on saturday at a time you can broadcast them on tv or tell fox to shut up
can't find by you? Download our app for free at the app store or android markert!
Turned me off, also. I was bar mitzvahed, Jewish fraternity in college. Whole 9yds. Now? Turned off after my Dad died in 1989.
November: start videotaping every teacher's classroom
Sean Payton has been suspended for 1 year. Tim Tebow is a Jet.
I want to have a Death row records picture with all my friends...lol
": in Australia we call ourselves aussies. I'm a single aussie. whatsup world."
Funny how the third toy story even gets you adults. I felt the same:)
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself. ~ Zen Master Dogen
yay, my baby's coming to keep me company! 
No, thank you!
Can't wait to watch when I'm home tomorrow. On way to stadium now, say hi to precious for us. Who's bringing it out? Peyton?
Up early to work on homework. Just discovered Sliderocket. Cool. Quiet in the house today with Liam gone.
Last two days of high school >>>>>>>>>
Just started book 2. You once said something like "I'll take to wearing gowns" so now, in my mental image of you, you do.
I agree. Would you categorize Chris Johnson as an Al Davis guy, btw?
How many people would turn down talking 2 MUFC 4 vacant mgr job?
yes mama u good as not usual
Floating forms are also very annoying pop ups and also can cause alarm as many viruses give pop ups.
Who knew? Ha! Time change! RT : Haha. I tweeted that like 14 hours ago :P It's already evening here now. Haha
I'm one of her biggest fan
Looking forward 2 opening of CIVILIZATION (ALL YOU CAN EAT) tonight at & chance 2 see Daniel Escobar onstage again!
The follow ?
And thanks!
what cheer team are you on?
Awh I wish I could buy it but, my parents dont let me buy things frm the internet & frm a credit card :( </3
watch some you tube videos or read about that dude that got 30 kids and pay each mom $1.49 child support per month
Hey guys love the page. Check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/htrofficial
He followed me like last month and RTed mee
tomorrow 2nd hour will be the longest class of my life. how i dislike math.
Mikey and Madison u inspire me so much I can't stop thinking about y'all my heart pounding so much. Follow me plz it would be an honor
seeing the #avengers in imax w/ and i'm stoned to the gills man! to the gills!!!
ask me a question. i ll give you an answer
Their illusion was of short duration
tried some newly formulated Schiltz. Not too shabby...
We are doing quite well, thanks: expanding and getting a bunch of new exciting gear over the summer. You?
Sure am! RT The #lulusfabfitfun party is already about halfway over! Are you having FUN?!
are you already back in nyc or are you staying for a bit, yo?
haahaaha. #DeliveranceAbles -- Really stupid tasks assigned by client or ill-informed account supes to simply look busy.
Astronauts Will Ride The Bus To Space For Now On thecomedynews.com/2011/07/nasa-a #spaceshuttle,
its annoying when people say their ugly just to get attention.
my mom is an
At the families house.... Family events are so boring and always ends up with forced conversations
Everyone wants to keep their home secure. Its the reason we lock our doors and arm our security systems. But did you......
Of course you ask to see me the day BEFORE I get home. Ugh. My life.
Our exclusive once-a-month stock options TRADE OF THE MONTH has just been released. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com #1 in options returns!
huh? What are you talking about?
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
All done!
Looks like today will be including a Target run, as I just used up the last of the coffee in the house.
Just survived my 1st big earthquake and subsequent evacuation. It couldn't have gone better or more smoothly. Kudos
Remembr Michael Dechalit?Hes a magician in Tucson n does shows in Vegas n hes met u.I kno him n i told him 2 say hi 2 u yrs ago
I love getting a rotisserie chicken at the store picking all thru it and making a big bowl of chicken salad. Small pleasures!
Miss you all!
you best. Those hobos are tricky.
BRAND NEW N.O.D. "ROLL 1 SMOKE 1" DROPS EXCLUSIVLY AT MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!! FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..HAPPY 420!!!
you are welcome :) LOL the industrial bag o gummie bears. I know where to go when i need my gb fix.
Seriously still LOL from the text I woke up to this morning from
Fresh Strains! DeathStar, Chem Dog #4, LA Kush, Super Silver Haze. Come down and try them today!
I am making some good TV contact at NATPE at Las Vegas for my weekly TV show "Strykerz". www.shindokumate.com
dear twitter fans I may not do the gas mask challenge tonight. but I may do the gas mask challenge tomorrow night depending on how it goes
good time tonight the Penna ala Vodka was Delish! u can a replay now on www.theroomlive.com Eat hearty my friends!!!
507533 signatures gathered to Recall Walker!
FOOTBALL IS BACK!!
Atleast people like my mom.. Your mom has been divorced like 4 times. That should tell ya something..
yep indeed. U?
I Think About How Back Then I Would Have Been Snapped Yo Neck & Now Im Just Like Nigga U Aint Nun ahah Ima Make U Haters my House Keeper
im home!!! I need to visit Joilet
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
RT : I am a Conservative: People, in fact, do "choose to be poor" when they choose to do the stupid things that make and...
So true for you  RT : Hey, you! Keep your head up, you're so much better than you believe, I promise.
I only have 140 characters! Sheesh! =)
and Me just connect.
Yuuupp. Felt good tonight...3 more gigs this weekend including another one with Naughty on Sunday night after Bacchus at The Maison. 2am hit
In a fog today mentally. Went running outside for the first time in years at lunch. It didn't suck. Still don't feel like myself, though.
Super Big Gulp cups with pics from THE HANGOVER PART II are at 7-Eleven. Collect all 5. Put your name on them, too. Can't be too careful.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily e
Little Wayne? no. no. LIL Wayne..
I joined Twitter! The perfect way to connect from my new home in Minneapolis, MN!
": thank u babe! And I won't"better not I know how to find u lol ijs
It's true has The Twitter on all day long
when you see a 21-30 year old guy flirting with a 16 year old girl online < O.O
i've been blessed! How have u been?
What sits below the tip? Zombie apocalypse survival tips?
AT&T just launched to encourage conversation around education in America. Join the discussion with
very much approve
Tales of Phantasia, and Game & Watch Gallery 4 for the combined price of $2.50. I love this 75% off sale.
I'm thinking entirely further than Detroit at this point, which is not only good for my career but good for Detroit hip hop too.
All I ask is that you don't try to mail me, just to see what will happen. cc:
yay you're tweeting again! Now get a freakin pic Joel!
This is hella true!!!
seriously !!!! I have the worst road rage ever too hahahah
That's the impression that I've been getting. Going to do the best on all sections, but luckily strengths lie in writing/verbal
n/m just thinking bout ya..u?
I want some candy right now
Haha! Yes, we will. Probably Dec. 20th.
Can't wait til my wifey makes me dinner.
Kudos to advertisers for dropping "Glenn Beck".. SC Johnson, Geico, Progressive, Proctor & Gamble, Lawyers.com, Sargento & Mens Whare House.
Now on Netflix Instant: Office Space (you're welcome)
Omg you are so full of talented  I love you vic, you are perfect :{) wish i could meet you and tell u this personally
as would say, Awkward!! Good times
TIGER TIGER WOODS YALLLLLL
I'm always tired.
: We have two adult and a baby bunny here. It's cute...until they eat the gardens! ;)
u around from 1 to 3 today?
have you no grasp of history? Of actual poverty/starvation? When the Beatles formed -- they were still rationing food in UK :D
Sis and I having a good ass convo
follow me? I follow back
: the Humming Herder is going to change your night ~ Piscologa pisco, lavender, Bitter End Moroccan bitters, lemon, nutmeg.
Is It A Good Idea To Microwave An Aerosol Can?
Accent lighting is where the fun is to be had,it is the accent lighting that creates the interest,focus and contrast within the room
I don't care how humble u may seem, you're not that humble if you can't thank God First! Disappointed! Half Step'n on your acceptance speech
OMG. LOVE. I bet the photographer is really pretty
Milwaukee....here we come....
with that being said, my 1year old is a cry baby
Thanks, scientist friend! (He says no to ice in my Alka-Seltzer.)
that was me. There's been a few changes while I've been away
I won't say it. we can discuss on the show.
I'll never forget the tears you cried for me.
just called you...wanna hang tonight
Ok , I absolutely LOVE your clothes, but what is with the consistently rude and snotty sales people?!
Im with you on that
That too! I would've spent so much money and if my mom paid I would've felt bad. I don't regret it, I'm sick anyways :(
They need to build a One Direction merchandise store...in my bedroom.
excited our pal at frm the crew will have his Mary Queen Of 'Cots Pale on tap at tommorrow!
whats your view on controlling dht and estrogen..acne issues...
I'll shooting there too. See you around the pool....
one can never have too much Sriracha :-D
Listening to WXYT #Tigers intro, and and Jim Price introducing the game. Man I missed this all winter!
Shouldn't you be in class? Slacker.
Who is going to win this year's #TheVoice? I likeJermaine and Chris Mann has really grew on me.
Wickedness will always reign
I know. This clip had me at George Carlin, Super 8mm, juxtaposed with high contrast black and white. Good work never goes out
you should follow bringing up U.S. Debt made me a RACIST.
#Time cover kid : Look , I'll tell ya - I get the same thing trying to break into pro tennis at 49. Ignore them.Don't break training !
Hope these dancers arent half naked bc I'll be in tears lol
yes!! it's so god!
Thanks for the follow! I love the red jeans on your website's gallery page. Awesome styles.
Inbox 2084. Inbox 1084, I'm coming for you!
Office had me in tears. I'm such a sap
Math final over , next is my english final then I'm going home!!
extremely confused and upset. no love has been given to me in a long time. feeling very used and unappreciated. love to you all, though.
Dirk not enough to stop the Mavs slide
3/3: "...& only from a dream can u wake to the light" -Tibetan Book of the Dead via #MadMen LSD trip
Praise baby Jesus for this day of Friday. Bring on the weekend aka my sleep coma.
Glad the husker were able to get it together and come out with the w! Go Big Red Machine!
A good lighting plan is key to making your basement an inviting gathering spot.
OMG!! the sandman must have tripped and spilled the whole bag of sleepy dust on me...Night all!
you planning a protest? And it would have to be individual ins. unless it was like the Teamsters or some other org w/ members.
BEST ALBUM EVER! When do you think you'll be releasing your US Tour Dates!?
the fact that we live closer than expected...
Tired of crying
Follow my homeslice to stay updated on her new 2012 acoustic & full band concert dates coming soon-BH
come and eat my cake cake cake cake cake hehehe
Let's go
"love her conversation but its late rite now I need to beat.".
Strength AND weight loss comes from working the body as one complete unit, not in isolation.
Best thing for him, and team, right now. RT : Do you have initial thoughts on Chacin getting sent down?
Coach Dble D why do people continues to listen if they don't like U? Real easy turn channel or turn off radio. Kelp it up coach!!
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
r u still using journler? Why or why not? I'm researching knowledge management apps & appreciate your experience w/ them
Anyone hear or do OR have done to them, any worthwhile pranks yesterday?
Definitely just found my church home here in Nash. (:
Yep....including me! ": Minaj just made a lot of people hit mute or change the channel. That was horrible. #Grammys"
-- green grass / between, between the blades / the color of the water #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
His head-nod was even better.
Mario Kart and old music? This is amazing. :D
I am speaking! Are you going?
Oh hey snow...
Pride and Prejudice
Fucking A. Seriously? When is the Chamber of Secrets gonna be open on Pottermore? It's past "early 2012". Just sayin'.
Tanning outside w/ and she unties my top and it flies up... Oops, kinda just flashed the birds:o
...um what to wear for #SixFlags ???
I'm Completely Done Pushing Something That Will Never Happen. All You Can Do Is Try.
I just grilled up some steak, baked potatoes, and corn on the cob!
I love post-fights with the BF. "Rub my feet!" "Ok." "Pour me some wine!" "Ok." "Bring me a Klondike bar!" "Ok."
Is craving guacamole.
I would like to read it sometime :) I'm sure you'll get a great grade... A++!
ikr like be grateful !
I'm thinking my Teva-like Skechers flip flops. At least they match!
to get raped by my girlfriend
i finally watched wwe superstars on WGN.. it was a pretty good show, and good matches too....
You're welcome! :) just speaking the truth.
hahah I get bored! LI blows. And red fades so fast, no?
haha yes yes! we will discuss tonight!
Everybody's talking how I can't can't be your love But I want want wanna be your love Want to be your love, for real
should of been did that
Meet and the cast! "Black Angels Over Tuskegee" special appearance at the Harlem Arts Alliance, Wednesday, April 18, 2012 Quarte
So I think part of my annoyance at those ads is they are borderline false advertising. I never ever use that thing. It can't understand me.
How to avoid sprawl in mil.base reuse? College campus only economical option?
u r amazin
How am I dying from 2 miles after I did 13 last week? My knees are killing me!
Your tweets kill me!
thank you so much! I'm Going to need it haha & I hope you get to experience it as well!
Let's go h briber.
Dance & choreography: Choreograph landing sites rather than bodies. Dancers working w/that space/time before gravity hits.
You were right. did move. I wish i could have met him first.
been working on "a view from the east coast" all day and writing songs for a new record... pretty excited :-)
I enjoyed your article this morning ! It will take #GreatParents like you plan on being to demand the
I'm looking forward to the 8 periods of class for next year (:
I JUST TOOK A 500 QUESTION SURVEY ON MYSPACE. it took me 49 minutes
VOTING = WASTE OF TIME CUZ OUR VOTES DON'T COUNT! BULLSHIT!
we should talk to about doing a story after this. Lots of people need to know what we're doing.
I need a Reality TV show for my life, crazy shit forever be happening to me!
I've decided to grow my hair ren faire long.
##Buy Cheap Cutters Rookie Receiver 2.0 Gloves | Football ...
I'm so sick of all the political bullshit about middle east. We're stuck in there and we arn't leaving.
yeah, okay!
there's only one me
Glad you are enjoying, & we're thrilled to have RT : Adrian Gostick is fantastic and funny!!!
You SEE things differently when you THINK things differently! ~Rick Godwin
I really like this :)
Hilarious. Check out closely guarded #Pop Secret & #Emerald Nuts Twofer Commercial on www.letsgetaquatic.com. #sbads #superbowl commercials
why can't i stop crying?
Plleeaase someone tell me a bedtime story !
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second
About to interview before his show tonight at SPACE in Evanston. His new CD, "One Day Die," dropped 3/29. Good stuff!
Love is the beauty of the soul.
Today is a new day~BAMM.
Got any Journey?
Honestly, the #Philles are just scaring me.
Best of luck to Excited to watch on ESPNU on Friday. Sold out in Kennesaw.
It's not just enough to win awards & trophies. Did you learn and become someone in the process? Are you a better individual & competitor?
Nap, food, and March Madness sound so good right now.
yup. New complete in 2 weeks hopefully lol
Thank you! :)
Open tomorrow at 4PM! Look forward to seeing everybody!
Gotta pack early for #HOWLive, gonna be hanging in the NewPage booth all weekend. Gonna be fun!
This week's #DC fun fact! University began the tradition of the football huddle in the 1890s, to conceal their signed plays! :)
Finley is a drop guy That guy needs glasses or something.I would rather we put Nelson at TE,lol
lol. Boy they doing her in. I think she ran off Twitter 14 hours ago because of the heat.
i can't believe i'm already sore!! can't wait to go again! #goodworkout!
Shaq said that's a toys r us shirt
Sin Cara going too win
I think I'm just up to early.
Deuce in the VIP room ya that's right
H is scared
Re: permanence, I also had the thought that I hope their metadata is robust, because this will age badly
How could you not? So obvious RT I really do think college presidents are realizing the scam the bowls are perpetrating on them.
HAHAHAHAHAHA. You will forever have nightmares.
: dear boys, if you don't look like abercrombie models, don't expect us to look like victoria's secret angels.
try Sonny Bryan's in the West End, or go a couple of blocks to Dickey's off San Jacinto.
Eating great food at salt and pepper hole in the wall.
Game 5 Today in Memphis #Grizzlies vs
Just saw your new hair color in your picture! #loveit <3
At spurs game halftime 54-45 spurs up
is it me or does it feel like your last night on earth?
RT "Consider any boundaries that you come up against this week as challenges to your imagination."
People change like the weather.
Go Blue!!
boo im always here for u no matter wut time or day u can always call me I miss u n I wish I was there n ur time of need :*
Do U have any Mixtapes to share?
I beat the pussy up, up, up, up, up, up, up..
Weird! I thought I did!
Just ate bowl of oatmeal with only minimal pain. Heading in the right direction!
I hate washing clothes.
- Just Got Done Doing My Hair & Laying Down . Wbu ?
Dear NY Knicks: Can u plz have walk on try-outs to replace Baron Davis? He's bad on the eyes, and ps BD: Stop shooting just pass!
I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me & who truly loves me.
I Think u r an AMAZING,TALENTED,SMART and BEAUTIFUL DANCER!!!It would be so awesome if u RT or followed me!?! :)))) plz <3333
i wonder if will see this & RT or follow or something!!! lol
can't you see that i'm the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me?
I did not jump with you guys. I probably won't jump for awhile considering 3 days after this last jump I got mysteriously sick :-(.
MSG can be found in dairy products, protein powder, candy, gum, some nutritional supplements, and even soaps and shampoos.
hey thanks man
i don't understand why they all getting hurt...
Are you fuckin serious, Michael Porter?
I'm cracking up at your use of  
dude does your buddy Zach do good work?
sort of late, but i wish everyone a happy new years. make this one a good one!
Thanks!! Yes, snow in LA and all....
Yeah! Love the Basic Minimum Tax!
Thanks, much appreciated! RT #FF They have all the info WI consumers need to know, so I give them an A++ rating
Cissy Houston 'Walk on By Faith': Whitney Houston's Mother Releases Gospel Songs
I live in Washington State, USA. I used to live in Hawaii. I hope you have a happy monday too.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
I just read the second book again to keep my characters straight. Such a great adaptation!
Stop playing the victim all the rime bumb bitch get a job! !!!
It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. Anthony Robbins
I saw you tonight for like 1sec 
Awhh thank you so much!! Love you:))
TV mogul&#39;s boxing gym aims for U.S. Olympic glory
Get your Bhangra on tonight! U.S. Dept of Bhangra's monthly party is tonight at ! We're doing a FREE dance lesson at 9:30!!!
Now Playing  Tiare by The Surfers
snap peas
that is so much more kosher than I was expecting...
Thank YOU for the awesome high energy show!Special thanks for the moment of silence for our lost loved ones.
RT : Companies w/at least 1 woman on their board have better ROE and stock performance -McKinsey.
wow are you dyslexic orr??
As I stare at my Bobby Lutz-signed basketball on my desk, there's a part of me that would be sad to see him go to VT.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms.  11
Tell em how you really feel!
Just chill for bit, maybe have some hot tea w/lemon..
I love working with people in Hawaii - I'm sure i would be so much nicer to everyone if I was based there.
I couldn't see ur last tweet so I thought u stopped talkin 2 me
Those nights you just keep tossing and turning in bed <<<
do you go all the way to the top at Runyon?
Hey , just noticed the link on your blog- thanks!! :) I need to make more time for mine... Also, I LOVE VT's covered bridges!
SEAS Boasts Advising Based On Classwork, Cake, and Nerdy Camaraderie - Harvard Crimson
lol yes! I think was talking about it on Facebook a few months ago! No thanks!
Keep in mind, I'm a designer so I'm super critical lol. I also know that this is still a huge improvement from the old site.
Guy on radio says Rose injury is hard on Chicago fans & adidas fans. Didn't know adidas made tourney, but sympathy to all.
MT Thought: to understand MITx / Udacity /Coursera persistence...look at for-profit exp. w/rolling admissions
And take with you the winter!
RT Great article from on #digitalpreservation - we are losing our ability to reconstruct history htt...
I absolutely love going to the fire hall with Brandon 
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy. ~Dwight L. Moody
I still shoot B&W film (though use my DSLR most often) and last summer I learned to develop and print it myself.
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 x,
I see I'm gonna have to do something big
Are you sick and tired of living from check to check? Are you tired of robbing Peter to pay Paul or not being able to pay at all? At...
: too much sushi last night. I have scales and gills! Mesclun salad for lunch today...with chicken! cluck cluck
Good Morning! Doing last minute preparations for tonight's event! It's going to be so exciting! With special corn and Black Jack Hamburgers!
den get off twitter
Take a pic of the view.
well still.
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
You should collaborate a rap song with ! You guys have much in common
Elk you were obliterating the turf that day! Show some mercy on the topsoil- those are lasagna sized divots!
It's 3:03...I need to sleep
#ifihad1wish I would wish that everyone in Carmel would come to EWC for our Under The Mistletoe promo! There are only 5 days left!
I'm losing focus...really can't believe she just said that.
I'm in <3 I love my MCA and he's totally my favorite too. I want him to notice us too
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them
Are you looking for low cost spay/neuter services in central Ohio? Check out our Resource page for links to area service providers!...
Thanks for the reply!
You cannot fail, unless you quit.
Not yet. Bit of a delay. Soon as I'm able.
The only time I ever got a plethora of retweets was when I tweeted about
I have a feeling I'm going to become a inatagram whore. Follow me!- DANMARCELLA
i can see my house from here
On an unrelated note: I realized today that this past summer I dated the daughter of a business prospect I met with two years ago.
A Janurary show with David Lindley in Bend Oregon! Cool! This has me excited! (I like excitement)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Thanks! I hope your day is fun and easy.
Haha Carlos Always Amazes Me (:
Women, you all inspire! TY : #FF love to some of the hardest working ladies in
If dis lil freak dont cum do my hair she gone ashamed of me on ha birthday cause im still goin everywhere lol
you will be here this weekend
That's terrible! BTW, your tweet reminded me that I heard you on this morning. Really loved the points you made!
Beal *sidenote* I still have so much hate in my heart 4 Rumeal Robinson, that day at UM will live in infamy lol
Bulls! Holy fucking wow!
No. Whatever makes YOU happy. And that "whatever", is me. :D
hey bro u gunna be on??
That's why, didn't notice the names!
After today I'm wondering what Obama has to do to LITERALLY break the internet into pieces.
"When we set our goals, life has a way of re-arranging itself with events to begin the motion. Let's make it happen ~The Slight Edge~
Thing I learned about myself when moving today: at some point between the ages of 22-24, I decided owning half of ikea would be a good idea.
best day of my life today met today, she is so beutifal and so talented!!!
Thanks! Great to hear! RT : My hair dresser was just telling me how much he loves you guys.
Thanks for the RT ;-)
sup my love!
Isaiah 55 John12:15" Do not be afraid, oh daughter of Zion,see, your king is coming seated on a donkeys' colt" ,
It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time.
how soon until Escobar is at 2B
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
I'm eating wimpy yummy
MULCH Brown Natural $2.69 Red & Black $2.99 comes in a 3 cubic foot bag!!!! And it is selling super fast!!! Only
Happy Birthday
Why don't guys realize what they have until shes gone and its too late?
I feel like its the end of the world
Seriously! Don't propagate this shit. Obviously the man is dying. Let him have his peace.
It's a problem that I consider taking out two books from the lib, and not even opening them, enough work for the night
Is anyone dressing up for #SOTG2011? Who has the blonde wigs!?
We get year books tomorrow huh ?
: You are correct about why Amazon should be taxed.
Its awesome when your drummer drives 75 in a construction zone... Until you see a state cop with radar. think we all need to change our ...
I've been getting this to. What the hell's up with that?!
miss you too girl <3
hey please follow me back. #muchlove hahaha LOL #:D
Happy for the Mavs! It's too bad they couldn't experience the big win at home. However, their arrival in Dallas will be EPIC!
Eww. You are so right! MT :  I just wish it wasn't pink slime...
Visiting Austin w/ #UnitedWay of #Texas talking public policy, #aca, #obamacare, and women's leadership.
Good ain't good enough.
im sorry, i mean its not like we are even close anymore....
RT ttreanor22: I'm going to go for another 30 lbs or so in Jan using this diet: www.AFightersDiet.com
What up doe? You're going to the right spot.
I got freaked out last night! lol, I had to get up and close all my windows so there'd be no noise I could mistake for a burglar.
Kobe was too passive on that last possession. Yeah I know he's almost literally dead, but yeah.
Looking forward to connecting!
ha, is that a joke or are you actually asking? Feb 5
Hope everyone just caught that Aaron Rodgers' E:60 piece. Really happy to call that guy my quarterback.
so happy i have a low A in math! now i just need to keep getting A's on the exams and quizzes and i'll get to keep my 4.0!
Hey it's all good Tom, I'm stoked to hear u guys are working hard on the new album! My twin sis & I love ya bunches <3
TITA: If my last name was: "JAH" I'd name my son: GANGE #POW :D
awhhhh I'm so sorry!!:/ I wish u could go sweetie
you welcome
I'm so sore!!
An unorthodox Follow Wednesday for , aka Brian M. Rosenthal, as he tackles the #Seattle #education beat for The Seattle Times
I know right! So random! I'm good! Just working, auditioning & trying to see more shows. How about yourself? :)
ahi baby :'/ the shit we go through man....
And you were an incredible guest!
Singing along sotto voce to Jackson Browne in cat food aisle of Dominicks. Such is my life.
It just gets better and better! Until it explodes, I guess.
Good new doping stories appearing? There must be a grand tour starting today. Hard to keep up on doping w/o grand tours to spark stories.
I've got a little money but it never is enough to runaway. #DirtyLittleThings let's get on this everyone!
Emotional roller coaster this week...From stressed & burdened to joyful and grateful!! Both good for the soul!
Apparently, someone left the door open and Monday sneaked in. Again.
shoutout to #family the realest thing u got in this fucked up world
If states paid full cost for everyone that would be inefficient subsidy of many affluent families.
I'm actually not sure if I'm going to Aruba, might be headed to Monaco instead
glad to hear all is well! Can't wait to meet the lil' guy!
What are you doing for your birthday?
RT : PwC 2012 Inf Sec Breaches Survey ISBS finds 38% of large co's don't encrypt their cloud data, 50% of SMEs don't vet...
This experience is a quick way to lose a new customer. No show yday. None today. U do not respect my time.
Alpha dog is always a good movie choice
Good Morning :-)
D-trix: "Hello...ladies...I like your outfits"
You don't get harmony when everybody sings the same note. ~Doug Floyd
But it ain't likee im missing outt on anything....
Thanks - I'm on board and giving it a trial week. Looks great so far, and I haven't even tried any tweaking yet :-)
Giants covered!
Love the chat in today's #accessusummit conference, lots of wonderful resources being shared by attendees. Thank you.
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day! I have my babies around me, oh what a wonderful day! :) Have a Great Day!
My pleasure Beth. Thx for the mention. Do tweet Ask Diane questions to
came across someone that knew ya today.. Awesome. Hello back at ya.
Rainy Saturday afternoon. Enjoying a glass of wine. La Traviata plays, fresh baked bread cools. I believe I was Italian in a former life.
#Shouts to all our new #followers! If you want a follow back you must say hello! ...We like to conversate with tweeple. ;)
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator
Mean it. Say it. Repeat it.
is it possible to meet u? i'd love to <21
WI Republican State Senator Pam Galloway from Wausau officially resigned on Saturday ending GOP majority control in the Senate chamber.
Dusty Bibles lead to dirty lives. Read #God's word and live in righteousness
Let's have a safe day riding Metro, folks!
Before This Was Texas, an-in progress showing- TONIGHT @ 7pm
Check out Google's homepage if you haven't already, it's awesome!
Thinking maybe I made a mistake this time. No longer in denile.
Fashion Faux Pas! Lisa Marie Owens Salon discusses the Bird Feather Craze www.southfloridaalerts.com
I do love French toast >.<
And the defensive battle continues.
The USA ANC Centenary Committee& HURSAP is currently hosting the #Republic of South Africa, Minister of Arts and Culture!
I've taught games/platforms that I don't know super well. Goes fine if I create "We're all exploring 2gether" ethos.
Just got out of the shower. Should have planned ahead.
Soo over this cold weather! Where is the warm weather?!
Love you!
that would be some nice bling for sure.
you did a great job on the video! Nice work.
I am so sad to hear this. :( ": Forest. Good question. Cannot reach him, myself. {: (miss him and worried."
10 days until the EP online release!! Get pumped!
feeling any better??
stop snoring
I over think my assignments and then I can't get them done.
Have we thoroughly vetted the possibility that Jeff Suppan was created by Tony LaRussa to destroy the #Brewers in every possible way?
Studies say wearing red can change your mood for the better-time to go shopping.
If smart homes are the new smart phones, then will "child-proofing" the home include blocking "in-app" purchases on the refrigerator door?
hell yea how he walks out everytime "where u going?, take a seat!"
We are human beings beyond our professions. We need to reach out versus just responding. Cavender
Designers: In Photoshop files, don't set text to white then change the opacity to make it grey. It's tricky and I don't like it.
Had a whole tour of 42 salons for the "Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days". One Salon Manager told us that he did it in 10!... SHOWOFF, lol
Feeling bad for your ex...
New video & blog up for Fan Club Members. Log in to your account to see!
no doubt champ
I'm writing that 3 page analytical essay, complete with that thesis statement I know of... I swear...
Stop watching before it destroys so many brain cells that you revert to being the Man of 1003 Holds
good stuff you still in it boss nevercountmeout. My motto!
Shut it down and there won't be anymore reason for hiding information. It will end the crony kickbacks and open it to oversight
Tip well in front of them?
See the people behind it. Truly trolling. But yes, I see it in context of a larger whole as well.
Giving turns your customers into your best marketers.
If only you knew, I'd be with you...
Did you have some time to meet up this week, maybe Thurs or Fri, so I can take that bike off your hands?
Very funny. No, I don't think that would be one of the suggested questions "-)
: Never call a guy fat, ugly, or worthless. They will never forget that.
If you like anything coffee follow for store opening and promos
LMAO! ikr! thats a one in a life time offer!
Tell these biscuits.. I'm the man
Throwback word of the day: Yamps Definition - Young Tramps LM(Blowed)AO
I'm getting off :) -Amanda
i can understand that. i bet you hated me that one day when i retweeted like 25 of them haha
if you enter a room full of ppl and half the lights are off, don't turn them on! Especially if you aren't staying!
Laura, send suggested additions for #medlibs in #hcsm to Thx.
#ConstanciCrew I love the fact that its not a surprise to me that we got it trending!(: Haa'(:
Why is everyone sampling guitar riffs like its hot? We're getting so far from real music it's sickening
cheer up.
don't put jk, there's nothing more attractive than a woman who believes in herself
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Reality Check: 79 boys did not "like" your picture because you're "pretty", they liked it because your tits are hanging out, smh.
Right? Doesn't #Amtrak go from #PennStation? Guess Penn is too ugly a backdrop for the scene ;)
I think you saw me confronting my fear, it went up with a bottle and went down with a beer.
A truck drove hot rods thru my heart
3 more days until the greatest summer of all time!
whatcha get at MOO?
I almost said Terriers... but was slightly ashamed. It is a cute little gem of show. (And on Netflix Instant).
I like him, but this class is pointless.
I might get fired. I'm so scared!! I'm on a 90 day probation so if I do anything wrong I could get cut! Wah
Now that today is here.... Its not that exciting anymore
Time to get my paint game right.
They say love is like a bar of soap. Why? Because once you think you got it, it slips away..
Some money COST TOO MUCH!!!
"Although the last survivor may proclaim himself universal Emperor, his reign will be brief and his subjects will all be corpses."
#Boilermaker on the mound for my
RT Kings of American Excellence!
you face is perfect the way it is. 
I'm bout to get all hippy, #love + #music=
Miss all ya'll. Hope it goes well!
Indy tomorrow. Who else is going to be there?
I appreciate you, dear. So does Jamey. <3
All day art kinda' day. Teenagers fixing meal now so I can get some work done (wonder who'll clean up kitchen after?). omg
I rather be in Dallas. lol.
Lol its just business don't take it personal
you bite me and i bite back and call it love
In line for taxi behind so many hipsters
The dough is ready! Im ready to fill this calzone!
My biggest dilemma: whose coverage of the royal wedding I want to set my dvr to record. CNN? E!? Today show?
I'd say so. I'm always up for a little lottery winnings
lmao worst place to trap haha ;]
how are you homey?
Good presentation RT : Listening to Steve Fehr, other seasoned advocates advise on crisis management
Rich man swag
Venture far from the Mall to eat. Don't miss the Sculpture Garden. And, of course, stand right, walk left!
They better not take Shumpert to New York Downtown Hospital. Rob Stark'll hold him down while they Game of Thrones his leg off
Anger is the only thing to put off until tomorrow. ~Czech Proverb
Know literally nothing for this final
"You have nothing else to do but to save souls" John Wesley to Methodist preachers
Pussies can't even tell me who they are when they text me.
An idea we should all embrace: RT : "We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone."  Ronald Reagan
29.8 years of not giving a flying fuck about Groundhog Day.
let's finish the weekend right!!
davelakhani:The more precise your communication the more predictable your results.
my spelling however is not
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there ~ Albert Einstein
Yep! So many great places to see before then!
Thanks for the follow David, you guys rock the house in Dallas!
send me the picture c:
Things happen for one reason
welcome to Twitter.
Could have been a better night...
sing Outnumbered from Syncopated City. You sounded fine in it!
no one ever likes my pictures on facebook. if a slutty girl posts the most hideous picture of herself on there, she'll get 100000. gaah
Careful with blow dryer. I wouldn't. Heat is enemy of electronics!!
Wow...illegal screen called? You never see that so late in the game.
so i might get a job at an italian restaurant nights and work at J.P. Morgan in the city days, i'm gonna have SO MUCH MONEY
Thanks a lot for the tweet.
iwant to be princess before but now iwant to be a Queen :)
My children was scared but they trusted There is no way I would let them fall I tied what we had on together Kept lifting til I had them all
I'm Jus sayin. Ur both Gus lookin sorry if it made ya bad. Jus a thought.
Hardoop the next security thing?
It sure is!
RT's R mystical RT : RT'd your tweet about the nu CD then opened today's mail and received the Nu CD Coincidence?
RT : Hubby is screaming at the computer. I take it Sheffield Utd are losing.
hope everything went well and you have a speedy recovery.
I just gave this little 5 years old kid life tip "don't be mad at your mom"
love your #CraftBeer HUGE thanks for coming to #mke via please keep a steady stream of our beers coming
Not sure I understand this whole phenomenon of little girls wearing 'BOYS LIE' T-shirts ...Now if it said 'Dads Lie', that would make sense.
Social Networking serves as a powerful marketing tool..take advantage
Ready to be in Boston!
This Weds dont 4 get 2 come out 2 BROADWAY BAR. Dj Mystik video mixing & Peter Blue hosting the party. 21& up welcome!!!
thank you.<3:)
Few things are better than Little Debbie's Nutty Bars. [sigh]
Round as a apple, shape like a pear, split in the middle and covered with hair! What is it?
Boyfriend gave me his sweat shirt to cuddle with, (: #hessweet (:
Going tomorrow?
Who are you?:)
Fuchsia fix
Hanging with my tomahawk girls tonight!!!! Yah yuh :)
Sully would still hit that, lol.
Special shoutouts to all the overseas customers!
Not have a V makes me realize who my real people are... #Damn this place Fucked up!!!
photo or it didn't happen!
Oh No! This means Peyton Manning will have even more time to make commercials!
I think so too... Check my pro-branding posts for my more holistic definition of branding.
Featuring new wines @ lacofradiamiami ...The show Malbec, Joel Gott Cab, come test yr wine skills w/ world class wines.
calling me a blind chick... Please...
yeaa... tht was me back in the 5th grade. and then i was like, fuck this, im not dealing with this anymore. so i got over it
Breakfast Time! Egg Whites, Oatmeal, and Toast. Good way to start out the day!
In order to receive it you have to ask. All the promises of God is yes
Fitz is a nice short term answer. Can he win 9-10 games a yr, sneak in playoffs? Yes. But they really need to improve @ QB
RT : If Sartre were alive today, NO EXIT would've been set inside an endless comment thread.
yall better !! Lol & im trynna have a dinner party if i can find a qood place so if so yall invited (:
I hate school
really by the way love your work and it inspired me to write a book
so #excited for this shoot! Geting ready to go viral ;)
TODAY! Discussion about Mifflin at the Madison Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin) at 7pm with Alderman Mike Verveer
We're taking a quick break, but will be back with to talk more #NBA playoffs, so keep it locked into 640.
looks like a lot of special celeb guests will be at the AC - May 9th!
just tell me when its done and I will instantly preorder it
lol good boy im a dog now lol where the scooby snack at lol
Alright . Ima about to go make some hitz . Any rappers in miami wana work , Hit me up .
I hope the actor who plays Joffrey gets hazard pay for all the times he gets slapped on
Yay! Keeping us fed, bum leg and all! Thanks, happy tweeters here tonight!
Watched the One Tree Hill Finale today...is this real??? It can't be.
Red Nation- The Game
Awesome job you're doing for Teens!!
I'm not functioning right today ;(
I know I wish I hadn't missed it. The pics from around the world were awesome though!
Goodnight loser. Lmao. JUST KIDDING. Love you Arabella<3
it's worth the wait
bow chicka wow wow
Driving the teachers insane 'till they quit in 7th grade
But there's is nobody in this world like me
Congrats! Enjoy that nice new website smell!
Goodnight everyone bye
I take it back.. I don't like suspense!
thanks! Happy Derby Day! Is the Ball on the Mall tonight? I'm in DC for a bridal shower and want to hit Georgetown home tour
I really love you!  you're one absolutely gorgeous person inside and out (:
wats wrong with that...I had a long night
There's an App for that.
Going to catch a ton of shit for my next post...so I might need to wait until after alumni weekend uh hate censoring myself
Going to overtime in Canton!!! Two clutch 3 pointers in the last few seconds to send it to OT! Go !!!!!
To put it simply, Factoring is the purchasing of legitimate Commercial AR (Accounts Receivable) for cash to run your business.
Ha, yes, you caught me. The NC mention did happen to catch my eye. But I do imagine that would be quite a fun event to watch!
Shoutout to my bestie  I got a good one
IT'S FRIDAY PEOPLE!!!!
"Hey baby, late night?" "I'm going to work, asshole." Every Saturday morning ever.
is a future hall of famer! What a great career. &#35;boilerup
Wouldn't it be weird if the next ground rule double bounced into Charles Barkley's hand?
-- thanks for buying the BigOven iPad app! May be our first purchaser, seeing as the device isn't out yet ideas?
: #somethingtoremember Everything happens for a reason truly. You'll look back with wiser eyes and it will all make sense!
The sweetest thing about him is how he curls up with me at night! Then gets pissed when a pug steps on him
Thank you... I enjoyed leading it -- and hopefully you're still remembering today!
Just doing a little tracking
commercial CALLBACK on monday! gonna play mommy again :-)
Holy crap a poster fell and I jumped lol but I hurt cuz I'm bruised like evrywhere
I have such great memories of skiing with my dad for the first time.
For the show on May 4, your site states "There will be two stages." What does that mean?
followed me on instagram today so I followed him back and lurked him a little, I might be in love.
yup! It was 's baby - a ton of videos like this can be useful for the whole community. Now make one!
Cauliflower is my new potato.
Looking for live music Sat night? Red Kitchen & Bar features live music now! The Byrnin' Duo will play from 8:30-11:30pm. See you there!
keep your nose out of my corner please
this girl on stage is thicker than snicker
More sex negativity in the news. I say turn it around. It's an inspirational sex positive even when disabled story
Torn between #TeamChad and #TeamSharon. Can I have 2 votes? ;-)
Hey Toni, are you available for coffee next week at all?
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 1
u mean to the house in charlotte?
Currently at Auto Battery, looking for #HopsandChops Happy Hour. *Might* have found the right table. Or not.
Fishbowl II with virtuoso clarinetist Bill Kalinkos was an incredible success. SO glad to see all the new faces!
Thanks to and for their great work today; really enjoyed it
whatevaaa, I'll just be up here lookin down on you
sorry what about the rumors?
no. has the 11/16 and I gotta give him his 3/4 back.
Correct me if I am stupid, but why would any international draftee want to play in the MLS (or NBA)?
final presentation
at least you know.
good. Maybe he can go back & sanitize all the awful references from his unenlightened days...
Great! Multitasking is the creative one's middle name... lol
Bynum's 7'0 foot ass is out of shape!...quit jogging and get back in D!
sweat pants hair tied chilling with no make up on>>>>>>
I'm not saying she's fat , I'm just saying her nail polish is cheeto dust..
I don't think so. I wish I could whistle for it or something.
Appreciate the post share - - Have a great weekend!
Going home to do laundry and to read for my test tomorrow.
- Food makes meSo happy ;.
Did you know it's Seattle Beer Week!?
I really like him! :) he is so sweet.
tell Ms.Morris i said Happy Birthday 
I think Barley House
Just added a new song called One More Time. After I get some bass and drums, other than mine, mixed into it, I think it will be a great song
Disrespecting the President? Or, sheer racism? Beyond belief! When will it ever end?
and I agree we don't need to be reminded that sex happens in Littlefinger's brothel.
Are you tired of getting turned down for a home? Are you ready to stop renting . Contact me now for financial freedom
Ok soo is following me, which is cool to start with, but I wasn't following him yet... How did he know I existed???
thank you so much!
Dr. Stephen Bagnato from the Early Childhood Partnership to speak with his son Mark on childhood development.
Working on music as I speak for and Video for our song being planned right now.
um my friend does
I am tweeting more and using the #Trending thing -- as well as posting tweets that match up with what is trending right now.
Never watched the #nfldraft before, but this shiz is fun!
peach cobbler w/ bacon might b good!
Good point.
Come visit us on a Thursday nite soon fir #HOUSEMUSIC ": Thanks fr the follow! You're one of my favorite spots :)"
you and the crew dne with jersey shore ? lol
still burping smoke lmao
With and fml
Shut up, Luke
ha I thought they came from the Roxy Music archive before I saw the pics: "this brave new world's not like yesterday"
Redneck word of the day "Apparent" its obvious to me lookin at your belly your gonna be apparent!
ONE DAY! I'll Have A Boyfriend That Will Treat Me Right And Not Play Me As One Of Their Video Games.
Wow. Cee Lo Green really rocks the nylon tracksuit.
Rowing lightweight four look on the bright side
The laptop is off and it feels so good! Lol
More must follows...
I like twitter profile: "Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to inspire them."
at home on a Saturday night, reading a good book. I bet I sound like a complete loser. Oh well, this is my idea of a fun night
Twitter isn't loading right, why
Thanks for connecting and the mention! (Boy, way behind on my response!) Enjoying your Twitter updates!
Vincie Glenn says the #Charger's problem Sunday was the receivers not qb. #san diego chargers,
I'm good and yourself?
Damn you need tto do better
whoa I don't take notes for myself lol
indie roots rock! My absolute favorite. rocks.
Now Following #TeamFollowBack :)
Thanks to current MBA students Logan Tinder & Tim Boykin for referring very strong prospective students to us recently. Keep 'em coming!
We have tickets for the ABEL show Sunday October 17th for $10 let us know if you wanna go!
... & u won't hve those unsightly razor bumps nor the grow-back itch. It's also time to get those raggedy ends trimmed & a deep conditioner.
a bit? I should say so! Lol good evening
Checking out the tulip festival today. Looking forward to all the colors and smells.
WTF!! Man da breaker switch box just went out in my house and da temperature is dropping quick!!
HAS A TWITTER YAYAYAYYY
super pumped for tonight's dome, but more excited for the final! You and CT have been my team from the beginning! Good luck!
#NP Twerk It...should NOT be in the office gettin it crackin like this!! LOL
Was Tyrell Sutton a big Ohio State fan growing up and what did it mean to him to play against the Buckeyes?
#iftwitterdoesntexist I'd create it
He said he like thick chicks with short hair... hahaha! Thanks :)
pshh , i wanna be !
Thanks for the mention! Happy Friday.
RT : If the US nonprofit sector were a country its revenues would exceed those of most countries in the world!
there's a reason why they call us "patients" See what I did there
hi love u too
Recovering from the Hyattsville Arts Fest. Thanks to everyone who came out! So happy the rain held off until last night/today!
2011 kicked my ass. I will return the favor and kick 2012's ass.
And the #MACCFund. You rock, Muchacha!
Welcome to #NOLA : On my way to Nola..looking forward to some hoops, fattening food, & warm weather..
All my mediocre or average packages air on tv & then one I feel really good about happens and will never be seen by anybody but me.
So confused as to what day it is... thought it was Thursday but it's not!
Hello Monday, you heartless sonafabitch. We meet again.
its like a shorter version of "you already know" lol
3 people had JT and flop came A J T. Unreal, I have never seen that.
I can't believe Beyonce had a baby. Miracles like child birth rarely happen.
Yeah, that's my team. We're a big ND family.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Dental Floss and most oral care products.
Saw a story on yahoo this morning that read "Grizzly bear charges shocked tourists". My reaction was to laugh. Is this okay?
Apparently I need to come to Canada and eat Butter Chicken, Poutine, and maple bacon doughnuts.
I got few people that want my car but the thing is I dnt know what I want next or afford Ugh!
bumpin' your LIT cd?
Awww Happy birthday little bill
: i Want a Supafreak ;)
Think I saw shadow before fainting but not sure..... #reactiontoGroundhogDaycomfortzonecrawlout :)
I miss my ex
The Packers gave up a conditional seventh-round pick for Anthony Smith.
always a good sign when #GOP frontrunner says Deep South is "an away game"
"I'm always jealous of you and Ellis" -ben kessler
RT I'm not interested in ruling the world, just my own imagination and my own mind. Is that too much to ask?
The sad paradox of student life: learning need - does not allow laziness, sleep, lie down - conscience. Sit eat.
Ladies open bar night club 11-12 just use my guestlist! Only
Johnson walks Valencia and Parmalee comes up for the #Twins. #Orioles up 4-2 with runner on first for Minnesota.
Doing math before I go to school I'm an overachiever lol
Excited! RT : Bloomingdale Farmers Market reopens this Sunday, May 13th! New hours this season 9AM to 1PM every Sunday
yup I lost a whole bunch of people off my list as well. bizarre ass technologies
Just posted a rough teaser of 3 new songs we've been working on!!! Things are starting to turn around for us, after we get the songs...
I wish I knew, tell me when you find out!
Aw luv u too!
Talking "scalable inefficiencies" with Love the concept...
Is there an iTunes 10.5 Beta 4 for 64-bit Windows?
Warm weather tomorrow? Okay.
why is everyone posting pictures of their moms to twitter
Voter turnout for the #wirecall primary was around 30% of eligible voters.
donald is on the packers though!! he needs to win!!
So do you really love all your youtube subscribers??? Even me??
#WeWontWork If you still listen to your bestfriends.
RT Oh I love this time of year! // Me too !
Yup. Still waiting after an hour. Not sure what to do. did Active just die on you too while processing credit card?
RT : Poor Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Worst food and worst soccer in Latin America. Share same colors on flag too.
Crackhead just directed us where to park a block from I think we'll circle around again.
Darn, so much for that. RT : C'mon! Let's hear it for an All- #SuperBowl!!
Meet me down by the lake.
can't retract it's claws
#AWP12 unexpected magic: Received a Dairy Queen gift card from Mary Bisbee Beek, book person extraordinaire and star of Portlandia.
You're right. Clearly, they should give up what they've been winning with and play a more aesthetically pleasing style.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings,
We Miss Kidrauhl Covers ! (:
Only two days left on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads! Get your name in!
DON'T FORGET NEXT THUR! YOUR COMING WITH TO EMBER, ANAHEIM! lol I KNOW I JUST MADE YOUR PLANS LOL
I sure know what it's like to be alone
definitely hadn't seen any of these tweets til now.
ha. I was thinking you were into Elmer's or something. :) you a pilot?
Hands down the worst day of my life... ='(
My wife goes to Ballys. They used to have water aerobics but no swimming classes.
Boys don't say yur gonna meet us let us get ready and then say no, its a dick move.
gotta be rock n roll music if you wanna dance with me
Cholo adventures is "get down crazy" funny
My to-do list for this weekend just doubled in the past 10 mins
kill it at #sxsw #warnersound show. Are you signed to Warner now or just on the line up?
I'm 92% sure I'm over Pinterest. I need something new! Where are all the hot computer nerds and their website inventions?!
settin up nice 4 #DEVILS huh
RT : A firm handshake is a sign of a good interview!
:p I won't bro!
nicely said :)
#SoundsAboutRight RT : Sausage, egg & cheese McGriddle!!!! This treat always makes me happy!
Very productive day. Visited 17 businesses about ad sponsorship & a good CEC board mtg. Now some Agatha then off to bed.
My sandless sandbags are also great for movie and video productions. Storable, lightweight and easy to move..Can be setup in minutes.
Good things coming. I feel it.
Going school :/
Hey, Jay, would you like to speak to my class at ASU some time about athletes and politics? I'm in the History Dept.
We need 20 more friends to like our page to reach 1,000! Recommend our page today and help us get 1,000 likes!
Cooler today but still beautiful at 54F. Is it just me or has this month gone by REALLY fast?
what u havin trouble wit my dude???
all NY flights canceled out of Atlanta again today. We really want to show new Broker lead capture and management system at
the douche one is my fAv!
On social sites: access to content does not mean access to meaning. From
A nigga out late night lookin for a money bag
Movin Like Bernie is FUN !!!!!
I've seen this. I get sticking up for teammate but factually wrong to say he doesn't watch the games and only cares about stats.
Great video and cool site! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Google desktop searches both my D drive and outlook emails too
haha! thanks so much! I love riding my bicycle... on pace to hit 6-7000 miles this year! WOOOOOOT!
(AP) -- Government reports new case of mad cow disease in California; says meat, dairy supplies safe.
yes, a generous guy methinks :-)
chayyyyy when do you find out?!?! i wanna know who wins >:o
"Aim at heaven and you will get eah thrown in. Aim at eah and you get neither." - C. S. Lewis
Madison Pharmacy Associates  eating soybeans, soy nuts, soymilk, or tofu can help protect against bone loss.
we can change that last name to garcia lmao
The awkward moment the elevator smells like abercrombie and cigarettes. :/
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU TO INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
Lively night in the neighborhood. Domestic brought out half of TU's security force and TPD.
us too amanda! rt Thanks for following! Excited for the coming season.
If the MLB season was 40 games...the #Mets would be awesome....can't wait till sept when all their shitass bandwagon fans jump ship
Shiiittttt, his hand would be missing today if I had been there. Oops....knife slipped buddy!!!
Vanilla Coke is
Haha nice job bringing back chick in the store from season 1 Ah LOL
Worldwide Trend
Debating whether to buy Charlie Sheen tix...could be one entertaining train wreck.
Yo I ain't sat and looked thru my TL in a good Lil minute.. I'm fuckin up...
Oooohhh!! Remind me closer to the date. I'd love to come see you!
nigga breath smell like he just had a social shitdown sammich.lol
back boys
Because is so cute and his eyes & smile is so beautiful the girl who calls you (her's) is very lucky!<3
yup I sure am lol still trying to figure out how to use it. Lol
3 was good enough!
Sounds like my grandmas gonna be staying here for quite a while
Told my daughter this over the weekend! So true. RT : "I hold that it is none of my business what people think of me." - Ashley Judd
So happy for Mr. Plummer and he was wonderful. He is always wonderful, but "Beginners" was not a good movie.
Its my birfday!!!
Coo, wat size?
good they should! I used to rock those too and they are sick!
PERFECT! You've inspired me....off to Gelson's
Rainy day in Austin .....we might stay closed.....
#Messi today reminds me of late 80's #Gretzky. Just on another plan than everyone else.
#Nonprofit organizations who think in small terms end up getting what they ask donors for, which is very little.
I hope that you miss me a Little when I'm Gone
reebs? oh man
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores [score1][score2]..[score18] (2vp-t2)
She says the facts suggest murder. Her mind is supposed to be made up. BEFORE charges are brought.
Oracle and Google will go to trial: After trying to give an out-of-court settlement one last chance, judge concludes "in the end, som...
FUKK IT IM COMPLETELY DONE WIT EC...JUS ME N ME ONLYY ~N.F.I.L.A~
mobile card app needs to get on the stick fixing their app for the HTC EVO gingerbead update!!
R U KIDDING ME?!? its Demi Lovato's new song, its called skyscraper and its AMAZING seriously, look it up on Youtube
#2012c19 Lindsay Reckson's paper on electricity completely fascinating.
Just like the alphabet, bitch. I come before U.
I could use one of those right now
Super league game and then chit chatting with
stupid white chick in a movie slipping on water while the monster is chasing her o.0!
bag it!
A lie doesn't care who tells it....
Goodnight world or morning....or April. Whatever it is, I'm getting real physical with my bed!
The wizard forgives you Im sure of it
lmao I'll be 35! That's too old
I'll be there with orange bells on :) probably arriving Friday
At DFW...pitstop on way to Austin for excited to see friends and to look for future collaborators
draft time
never say that to me again.
My sister Madison is not quite a human but more than a Bigfoot.... She Toemongus!
takes longer to get ready than most girls do... #HurryUp!!
Yay! Congratulations, and see you in the fall!
We'll b serving up your favorite hot dog today at K-Mart on US 31 South in Greenwood..hope to see you there...
Just want to CHILL today.... But CAN'T BO HOOO
Study Focuses On Mentally Challenged Accused Of Crimes  CBS ...
Oh really? I'm not really into celebrity news or shows like that. I miss him on the radio. He's opinionated, but super smart.
Can't make it in tonight but come Sunday the Globe is going to turn into the Chicauldron
SO Weird!! Thought it was just us.
Happy Mothers Day!
In that weird clothes size where I'm too small to shop in the big girl's store, and too big to shop in regular stores. :/
Someone turned Fergie into a Rock em Sock em robot & will.i.am to a Borg. Sadly, it didn't improve their performance.
Going to finish up Assassination Vacation tonight in hopes that it will cheer me up. Such is life.
I wonder if you really want to change like you say you do. Sure doesn't look like it.
It's getting dark and I'm too lazy to get up to turn on the light. Send help.
Apparently Crocket Theater is managed by the same people that operate Crocket Hospital?
Why does send out a news alert when Cliff Robertson dies but not for news that poverty rate at highest level since 1993?
With iPads for both? I like it. Count me in if you need library support.
Awesome blog ..!
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie. Also, a lil worried about DB's number of guys gone.
U lose when you give up. I guess I will always stay undefeated cuz I am never giving up!! Got too much heart
Ugh. You know what's awesome about Google? It's not the simple search box. It's called RELEVANCY RANKING. Get some.
good!!! Smiles!
6 pounds down in 4 days...let's do this!
Just had Toy Story 3 spoiled for me by a 5 year old.
ahaha okay if you say so
let me know how it works for you - be careful NOT to over-spray on plants you like, I used a cardboard box to surround weed
"An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out?" - Rene Descartes
Good meet up w/editor & visual effects artist; looks like editor's cut 2b completed ahead of sched w/in nxt 10-days! Post movin at good pace
Spending a day watching the world best tennis players playing at Sony Ericsson Open! I'm so excited!
Are you "homesick"? Good to see you are rumbling round the studio, though!
Project looks AWESOME!! Keep us all in the loop. If you get less than an A, we'll send Courtney there to be mean 2 peeps!
Thank you
a BIG idol?! look at justin bieber...yeah guys its my idol....I love him follow me biebs <3<3<3
anyone who follows me i will mention.
tell me if it's as terrible as it looks
It's an Alaska thing : Levi wins another news cycle.: RT : Levi Johnston gets another girlfriend pregnant
From the crew here at The W3 Awards, Happy New Year, folks!
Zero tolerance for Hypocrites
Google+ did something good as Facebook now has posting privacy settings.
that wont stop anything. you're so done! lolol
#IfIWonTheLotoIWould use the money for college
Alright now I have to figure out how to use this
Microsoft Tests Out Mandatory Supplier Sustainability Reporting
Pride is just one of those things, sometimes you have to swallow it when all you want to do is spit it out.
noodles and company or subway hum
hear you are headed to Michigan this week. Travel safe. I graduated from pgm program at Ferris state in Mich.
Why, oh why do people have pets +/- children whom they are unwilling/unable to properly look after? Take charge of your lives people!
you definitely don't wanna bang jenna haze. I saw her in person, she looks BEAT in real life.
I'm just playing calm yourself!
curiosity! and work in social business / sustainable agriculture. what are you up to in tehran?
your welcome...and thank you! :) xx
thanks So much for coming I feel really bad I am just recognizing who you were. I thought too myself that lady look familiar
I just watched a commercial that said, "Quiznos is now better than ever!" I almost died of laughter!!!
It's amazing how without that little 9volt battery we aren't playing shit!!
Follow us
#volta show stronger than armory. More provocative content. Wow!
It was great meeting you today and appreciate your help with my upcoming workshop. Very cool you worked for our newspaper, JS!
Then go! It's that easy, if you want to go, go!
I am creating jobs with and I am not using 1 taxpayer $ and don't need one. Taxpayer $$ need to stay in taxpayers pocket
Looking for supporters.to help support me you can buy my songs or a t-shirt.it takes $$$$ to keep it going thanks to all my fans and friends
so you're in college?
talking Hipmunk at #140cuse. Great tool - sorts flights by agony level. No, seriously.
Just had a little bday tap session with my little one! Damn does time fly...
Declared by the Council of the City of #Pittsburgh, today is "Tony Duran Day"
hahahah good idea
for riley
Chalky White in the building Ladies & Gentleman
Happy Birthday Madison! :)
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you
And AppleTV will see a device update and not much else. Probably smaller size. I predict it will still be a letdown, but hoping I am wrong.
I'm not a speed reader. I'm a speed understander.
Secret passion for the
#NorthCarolina the owner was not regarded as having committed a crime, because -- after all -- the slave was his property
Virginia politics can be scary stuff.
Come and visit #Seattle!
"If we care about our kids, then let's figure out what we need to do." - Geoffrey Canada
I love my niece
Make progress on student feedback, check. Submit NEH proposal, check. Department meeting, check.
ME TOO! I thought I was the only one who loves that! Hahaha
Men respect women who is confident in herself. has morals and stick to them.
Lots of cookie favors from last night.! Great evening-thanks for being with us! <3 <3 <3
awesome! Will do :)
submitted my new story for approval - "Released from the Bridge" (for mature audiences only)
So bad I pet the boxer at Origami for 20 min, hoping she had magical ticket powers, or at least would console me with cuteness.
Happy thatt you found what you were looking for.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was So lost.
RT : "Great minds talk about ideas. Average minds talk about events. Small minds talk about other people" - Eleanor Roosvelt
i see as rookie of the year. Definitely will be shocking alot of people
Bathrooms so high class it has window in the stall
Luke Donald -5
analog candidates in a digital world...
Considering he was with the team for just a few months, tells you how bad Seattle's offense was.
Your face is a magical sunset.
The BATTLE OF THE BANDS will be taking place this Saturday at the Cock N Bull featuring some of the best bands in the the show starts at 7
Mavs pulled ahead for a minute, but the Rush come right back. Score is now tied 6-6. Wish this game was at home!
mine or yours?
And I'm asking you to be my everything
lol I just knocked on your door then I read your reply :(
Guys, treat your girls right when you have them because you may never be able to get them back once they leave no matter how hard you try.
What are the top ten priorities for starting a new high school (Public, private, charter, web-based, etc.)?
If at first you don't succeed, kill everyone that saw you fail
Dark After Thoughts: Sinister, Sultry and Sophisticated only on ParaRock TV www.pararocktv.com Mondays at 10p.m est.
Thanks :):) RT u got it kroc
lol I would rather have math
OK, arbiter just means someone judging, arbitrator refers specifically to arbitration. Both have plurals, so arbitrators is always correct
I can tell you are in LA.
Welcome back from April Break! Hope everyone had a restful week.
...meaning going to the gym, having dinner with John, reading my books, and working on my monologues!!!
Nic, not yer fault.. Nate didnt put u back in til under a minute left.. Weird cuz you'd been doing ao great on D
Great job with Hastings on the radio. Looking forward to seeing you in Denver again.
"I'll take years off my life before I take life off my years." I'm in love with this CD. And music in general.
#Andre #Johnson, #Cortland #Finnegan fight and both are ejected late in game and both might get punished by
although today im dressed like a bum
thank you jade :) I can't wait for you to be out here!
Apparently my phone hasn't received a text since 5:30 last night, I just got them ALL right now. Fuck this thing.
RT : Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 330
Don't fear the tentacles. Easy peasy!
My goal today: find out just how much Whipped Vodka it takes to numb my senses & still pretend I'm interested in playoff football.
*These Bitches Calling Me Manning, Eli!*
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ...........
Beautiful day outside(:!
What worries you masters you. Haddon Robinson
dear facebook, I'm sorry but twitter is slowly taking over. soon you're going to be like myspace...forgotten.
Making some progress with some sponsors, it was a good week!
"I'm Posted Up, Like A Thumb Tack"
Currents is based out of central florida!
Great veg crepes in presidents field and plaza de panama
it's not like last night was horrible. Good music on short notice. Definite plus
So any timelines on going live? curiosity is now killing me, or you could just tell us, the twitter followers. promise we wont tell!
hoe you will go here there and everywhere stop it
RT Unexpected pleasure of #MetGala livestream: listening to the photographers go ballistic whenever someone walks into their shot.
It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life.
Congratulations to all the Oscar Winners tonight!
upside is the Celfics played AWFUL on the road and still almost won
You hide everything from me!!!
Talk about supporting local! RT : Not only referred some guys fro out of town to McNellies, I Had my Hostess drive them in my car!
okay thank goodness! Thought we had to get married for a sec. I was almost on my way to kay jewelers 
SEE? It's good to meet us! #weloveattention RT : Good to meet you too!
We offer all types of residential shredding services.
Enough with pre race let's get the race started
isn't the Cataloging Digital Media workshop also being offered online?
Nap. Then Showtime. As Budlite put it so perfectly. This taste like shit.
I hope folks at CBP enjoyed that flyover more than all the dogs in South Philly
I don't get why Obama would come to FAU.
Looking fwd to see everyone at the "Liberating Student Data Using Next Gen ePortfolios" session today! #SXSWedu Thu, 9AM, Room 412
hahahahahahahaha that flipping made my day. We'll see if is going to ;) hahahahaha cause eeryone else is ;)
It's a rainy day in Austin and I'm feeling nostalgic.
A Loss For Words + Till Night Falls + Goldmill and a bunch more @ Rock Bottom Tonight
Really enjoyed being told to check out Kaki King. Awesome female acoustic musician.
Great first rehearsal with the cast. We've already taken some great steps and these actors are becoming these characters. Exciting!!
Thanks Michael, I appreciate it! Thank you for the RT!
Another beautiful day to get after it. Getting better everyday. Let's get it
Join Chic makeup artistry@ temecula bridal event this Sunday @ pechanga !
went REALLY well. We'll catch up soon.
make sure to say hi after the show!
the best starts.. are almost the hardest ones .. keep running, not running away
I woulda gone to prom if coulda been my date
RT : Greco: its not nonprofits themselves that are inefficient, but the rules in which they are forced to operate. Huzzah!...
a little late here, but yes, that is me!
No matter how good your idea is, something is happening that will make your idea slightly out-of-date
Hope u have a wonderful-n safe-weekend bro. I'll hold down the M til u return...well @ least til I leave Tues nite! ~Back to MV!!
A 3 year old member of Mensa showed that while she may be a genius, she's still just a 3 year old
I had like one of the best days yesterday <33 Im just surprised to what I hear c:
If all I'm remembered for is being a good basketball player, then I've done a bad job with the rest of my life.
This weekend is ! Come out and see some awesome bands. We play day 2, April 15th. WHO'S COMING?!
NYC maana. Wait till gets a load of me!!!
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
OH GOD! I MAY BE PREGNANT!
Busy Fri responding to all my wonderful twitter friends! How are you big L?
my sistes stay doing that lol
That exciting moment when you find your own work photo-documented by someone else!
"It's difficult when every person place and thing is keeping me from her."
you're west bank bound?
alright young jeezy
time to get ready. #byetwitter muaah 
In god I put my trust and faith :). Good morning....
love the red chair! Is it comfortable?
This game is Baylor's to lose.
My power is off :( so glad I started going to bed at 530 am now~>#bored and no ur boy isn't broke
Follow Your BLISS! 
Darn right it is! Offering any specials or deals to celebrate the occasion?
yeah. It was. Only things I disliked were that the original joker died and the batman was not good.
Go Librarians! RT Children's author Beverly Cleary (96 today!) says school librarian got her to love reading.
HELLO MY DARLING!
Great picture of the mummies! :)
yo what we gone do about this project ?
Excellent questions by the way. =)
anyone have pictures of solidarity tents around West Bank or Gaza relating to hunger strike?
Pretty cool I would say. They need their own radio show!
Playing with the web.config file for my library's website. I have the power!
lol yea but they dnt have to work there.....there mean ppl! Lol
It's been a glaring need ever since they cut House. RT I'm glad the Heat signed Turiaf to be the bench leader in cheering.
Good luck in today's primary! If you love in PA, remember to go vote today.
5 more days.
I be going hamm
Drake ain't fell off! Hands down!
Join and TODAY at 3 PM EST for #CommsChat! Topic is "Making the Business Case for Diversity"
I've got Skype on my iPod, that would probably work.
good win tonight ladies. titanic 3d tomorrow then staying at jamis all weekend.
honestly no, i havent eaten any in a month
Finally a clean live shot. I'm 1-5. Batting better than Hosmer.
Remember if you don't like the way 's triangle processed your money - you can always grab the person's phone & smash it for a refund.
Where is your favorite cookies from? We just discover yummiest treasures
Working on not being such a cunt.
"youre a bad texter" no its called i dont want to talk to you... get it right
Trader Joes is the best!
Pretty telling that Vogel's out there on the frontlines, while Skiles sits stone faced.
Every had one of those moments when you think. Man. I made it this far in life and makes you happy. Makes you want to keep challenging y ...
you brought that top spin 4??
I think that's in Portland, not Seattle. Wish it were everywhere.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The program is honestly rigged it is a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
thanks for voting today + I hope Alex voted early or got an absentee
if i say #oomf.. it's usually bc i can't remember their twitter name lol
should have listened to Coldplay beforehand to calm the nerves.
thanks you too!!
Exploited? How so?RT : I liked the #barves more when I didn't know they were being exploited by a business owner with a cool haircut
I want too
Want to follow the court case on entering the Capitol follow and
totally feel like it.
Sad that I am missing #ASTD2012 in Denver but I will be at the other events this year!
woke up!!!!!!!! I love you too <3 but you should click my follow button(:
I hate teenage drama!!!
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
Would be nice if I was delivered the wrong pay envelope again. Actually, I'd like to see all of them.
I've never been as disappointed in Obama as I was when I heard him say "attorney generals" recently.
Good Decision Making (Priceless) SMH!
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
maybe u or ur club need some in the showers to get u to scratch hdcp ? we r featured @ many fine clubs -
Goodnight Twitter:)
hi my name is _____ and who would I look cute with??
's book, "Bossypants" is the shit.
---- today it is supposed to friggin' awesome!
Who? and Why?
I want a jayhawk
No prob boys, Scotty insisted on writing to you guys when I told him about your Nana. He's a real class act
..Im seeing some tweets that suggest you need some special prayer in your life right now. #UCanCountOnMe. Xo
Fast Facts: A developmental pediatrician is a physician who is especially trained to handle children with special needs.
Very fun even though we had Tiff's little brother with us we couldn't do some things but it was cool
Indeed. RT : Twitter can be summed up in 4 catergories: Creators, Debators, Haters, and Masturbators.
Hey, does anyone have a favorite band/artist they'd like to share with me? :))
I MISS YOU LOVEBUGG.
haha yes there's gonna be a cool girl house sitting over there you could go hanhout! =Plol but yes for sure after
#Education/pay cuts, Bill Freeman SD,"this is about priorities, education has not been priority since No child left behind"
so I ordered something off your new site but something wasn't a required field that should have been lol
Hackworth: "crucial stretch for Seattle"
Today will be #Amazing !!!
s/o to the girls posting pictures of themselves making out with their boyfriends IN THEIR UNDERWEAR on Facebook. Way to keep it classy.
Now that all the smoke is gone and the battle finally won
call me when you get home & don't let the Chocolate Drops influence you LMAO
True, if they are cheaters themselves. Like you said earlier, more non-cheating women give another chance.
There was a point when Hitchens's apostasy post-9/11 was unacceptable for me. I believe now that he regarded human rationality most
youre right! At least there are some free services available. but,
Android's ICS version is so much better than everything before it.
Big Birthday Shout out to Meg Krulee..Someone very near and dear to my heart. Her love for me is unconditional and i will always cherish it.
of course!
Yeah, crazy huh? Makes the week go by fast when I get to try different things.
What the fucks on my Facebook wall??
"If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried."
Tune into FCCfreeradio.com tomorrow from 9-10 to catch a very special acoustic performance
"Advertising was, is, and always will be, a result of people. Human beings. Creative minds that can uncover insights and then turn...
 "People should also appreciate little kids, age doesn't matter!" 
E x c e l l e n t - our evil plan is advancing nicely.
So bummed to be missing tonight! Keep posting pictures!
Don't forget your cup of Mc'Donald's coffee today.
Barton G? When?
Whew - doggie -it's hot and humid out today. Beware of a big hair day!
i just heard that waiting up. fire
Nope. Just wasn't sure what it meant.
Greetings/salutations to you, uncommon Mr. C. Hope all is well/swell with you/yours.
I'm not surprised the girls lost they need to get their "stuff" together!!
Everybody following go to face book and find Faytal The Franchise and become part of the beginning of something epic
Any suggestions? RT : Question for MRI folks - what public repositories for imaging data do you use/recommend?
In this season of gratitude, we are thankful for your friendship and support. May 2012 bring health and prosperity to all!
AWW HERE WE GO
I don't think it's because of where I live, but because I don't do anything but get puked and peed on these days #newMom :)
yeah, we will see what the weight looks like at the end of the week!
lol , why you say that ?
. If you need to be happy, I'll be your smile. But anytime you need a friend, I'll just be me."
#NFAIS Potential of socialbook is a change akin to those times you recognized that you could just google the answer to your question.
last chance to see jesus!
its ok
RT : Can drop a sandwich and make it land jelly side up.
im sad.....anyone wanna give me a hug?
well I sort answered off the cuff. With deeper contemplation, my answer might have been different. :)
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz. I know my alphabet bro.
hahahahaha she's kind of slow!! But that's why we love her!
Thanks :D
Good day<3
RT Only a matter of time before we're 'ing kids at their lemonade stand
Great to meet !
why doesn't your web version automatically refresh the search stream for twitter? It does on the ipad....frustrated.
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due. My spring break has officially begun!!!
We love everything Cincinnati has to offer! LOVE WSS
Hah, nice. Glad someone's making a go of it.
Southern hospitality. Without serious football. #florida but
Ain't NOTHING like a GOOD WOMAN
F is for friends who do stuff together U is 4 you and me N is for anywhere at anytime at all here under the deep blue sea
i will soon be adding floor mats to my diet!
I need an affordable email list for retailers who need business loans
"Warren: JPMorgan Debacle Shows 'Banks Cannot Regulate Themselves'" #huffpost Hello, it's 2008 calling! It wants its money back!
Are you going to the Q on Friday for Junior's Celebration of Life?
yeah I'm not, I'm brilliant ;)
Good Morning :)
I. Hate. Guys.
Every single thing that happens to you or for you, happens 4 a reason. Find out the reasons and you'll find out your purpose. Proverbs24:20
trying to get out of the city....
Very honored that a colleague was excited about my dissertation and was asking me advice earlier tonight.
I'll take that as a, uh, maybe? You were getting invited regardless. Even if you didn't want to be.
Listening to Michael Kay's rant about Baseball Etiquite, when he compares it to slavery and the Holocost. Makes me laugh.
Your Faces (; is all I CAN Think Of ...lol but Hows Prom Shopping?
Hey everybody
so .. twitter raped .. yea
Time for Happy Hour! Come in and enjoy a beer to escape the cold wind! $3 Drafts!
your sermon really left me feeling convicted and completely spoke to my heart :)
anyway, if you have any questions re: mac or want to work with me on #headshots, I'll be more than happy. have enjoyable day!
Oh dear Leonardo, I shall sell you soon even when I treat you right you attack cops. 
#SpursNation, who ya'll want in the next round...Memphis or Clippers?
Motorola to launch MOTOLUXE in Canada in Q2  PhonesTabs
Off to PHL for overnight flight to Berlin for TC46 meeting
i think she just tried me. well i guess ill let Mr.Number deal with her. lol
haha I believe it!!
i miss george carlin. we should bring him back to life, he'd probably get a kick outta galvanization
So ur out of jail ur free ur rehibilitted how u been ... u got my money motherfucker
thanks for...im speechless...i love you....its been quite the yr BABELA
nah! I bet you could do it ! :) im studying be special education teachers aide i hate that i have take public speaking lol
Last day of 2012 Winter Film Awards!! The celebration continues at 1 Oak happening now!! Great work everyone~
#ifyougive a book to a child you open up their world.
check out the store on reverbnation.com/djscramblez for t-shirts and hoodies
One thing I don't do is play with peoples feelins ...!
yeah that's awful!! :( I threw up after I had mine pulled too!! Are you swollen?
more shirts to make tonight! yesyesyes! come to a show this weekend and get one! ALSO! get 's merch too
-- oh absolutely, life is to short to not be :-P
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you
there was humor in my tweet... You missed it. I want Shabazz at UK. Who's side are you on?
Good luck! RT : My counselor is seriously hot. Next week I'm going to straight up ask her for a pic.
If its supposed to rain tomorrow, does that mean I should wash my car?
Twitter before all my friends from school decided to get one>>>>>>>>
great!!!! Keep me posted for sure!!! Yes indeed! How long are you here?
Gonna charge mi fone.. off this
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!?!
Thanks for RTs!
David west weaker than that thang
tweet about war could have been shortened to just this..."I have no friends." I think that is more accurate.
Way to crush it this week in NZ. Nicely done.
Looks like Venable's moment of good hitting is over & his average is plummeting. Familiar?
Commitment lends structure & sustenance to our dreams.
Oh look, my Windows Product Key is suddenly "invalid". Yes, , correcting your software bugs is what I wanted to do this morning.
Happy Lupercalia, the Roman holiday where young women who want kid run around naked and get whipped by boys with skins of sacrificed goats.
Can't wait. Wrigley Rooftop sounds like a blast. #summertimechi ": yes and yes!"
legit is what iam
Rent night
r kelly is really a foooll in feeling on your booty lol
nice pull!
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
Everything in moderation. At least you stopped at five.
Have you seen MTV's show called 'skins'? underage characters giving BJ's, having LOTS of sex and doing drugs
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
haha the los poratles cheese dip motto "You Only Dip Once YODO"
LOL - that's not nice....": RT : "The Artist" is the ultimate fantasy film - a world where the French are silent."
In need of a massage.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. - Samuel Lover
Thank u for coming!
Lookn for a great Bible Study and Worship exp today ! Join us - 9:00 Pulse & 10:30 Traditional.
check to see where you stand and make a note of your renewal dates.. as you will have to give a notice period before you change!
So sad to say goodbye to our two amazing interns today. , I'm talking to you! And Maddy too. We'll miss you both like crazy.
The Hannah Dasher fragrance of the day..."Exxon Mobil" spewed gasoline all OVER myself at the pump this morning.
My brother turning 1 today yea big boy lol and he still can't talk or walk wat a shame
Well I'm done trying. Wish things was different. Not looking forward to this.
Thanks, Ricky! And thanks for all the inspiration. :)
Good Morning
yes sir it is! You know u wish u had it.
my mom and dad are coming too, and if it's cool with you they'd love to tag along! And then yeah, I'm doing a tour thing.
Sign up now for my Nov 9 Coptic Binding class at It's the perfect time to think about handmade gifts that'll knock off...
Ahahah yup to both. :3 thing was I didn't get to meet them after the acoustic but ohwell;P I met 1/2 of them on gktour.
yo my brother i got a feeling go do a lot hot calabos i miss him and doing tracks together tho
#happyfriday #dancers from !
Er this is what happens when you spoil me
My Man Blake! Love the Avi pics bro! That's the best fit 4 Payton! Rock On!
Now #RIPJoe. Your legacy will always be intact in my mind.
happy new year for you too :)
It happened TWICE. Now I'm mad at all the popcorn. :/
come to Hillel for a cookie and to ask !
Be a pal, include me in your #FF :)
thankful for christmas album.. the holidays are complete.
get better we love You(:
Damn you and your uncanny ability to post pictures of beer that looks so delicious. A pox on you, sir.
I believe it is important for people to create a healthy mental environment in which to accomplish daily tasks
It is definitely not my native habitat!
Damien Hirst taxi doodle fetches 4,700: An autograph book containing a hastily scribbled sketch of a shark has ..
Arizona loves Mitt...wow
Hi #marac! Just wanted to remind you that I am running to be your secretary. Have any questions about me? Fire away!
I would have to agree that people make money not plans, but you were saying million dollar business plan.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
I know, Welcome to Florida
Jeff Beck was just plain awesome, last Sat. night, what a supreme guitarist!
Q4 The scenery, the wildlife... and then eating some of said wildlife by way of super fresh salmon ;)
Border Patrol is now threatening to throw rocks at San Diego ACLU staff. Today, even more than other days, I am proud to be at the ACLU
What the Haps on the Craps Otown,Is there anything good to listen to in the evening.. Cant Find Shit To Chill and Listen Too
Wow. What a sad little man. RT:: didn't know you were actually gay..... #unfollow sad No skin off my gay back!
GoodMorning Sweetheart *Waits Fa Replies*
Such is my life: highlight of my week is my junior cat pooing for vet.
friend of ours (Malley and I) tipped us to that one. and this is my new name, other one has gone to the underscore cemetery
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
THANK YOU
Yes, like a fox! After 45 min. it gets easier. You get a 2nd wind.
i fuckin love all my gay friends! end of story!
seriously?!!! A movie that was the best book
shaq's speech made me wanna go to the gym and get better haha
At #Avengers with
Even though the have made it difficult this season, I'll always be a fan
Hey - that's great news. Let me know the dates. It's only a 3 hour drive from Seattle :)
Rib tip.
This is just the dumbest attack I've ever seen.
I know me too:( I call the grey one!!!
Packing is no fun.
Greyson Is Not Like The Rest trending,why this week had so many trends about ?this prove that enchancers is around the world!!
I'm smdh too.
Telling you people there's a great music scene coming out of place. ~MAMA COCO'S FUNKY KITCHEN~for all your recording needs
thanks, Cynthia. Have a great weekend.
The Cure, that is all
it is very possible..
Off work.Long day. Just cooling now 
Observation, who buys cabbage?
Driving on ice tip from local Houston news: turn off cruise control.
What do you remember about #Kindergarten? I loved those cardboard brick blocks.
The dissertation is done! Thank you for all your help, encouragement and support!!!
thanks for giving me courage to stand up for myself you truly inspired me to #StandGrand and HAPPPYYYYY BIRTHDAY!(: follow???
its nice to go somewhere & people know i'm addicted to ice,and they just bring me a cup of ice without me asking(:
Need a flexible, adaptable education system
you tweet to much !! LOL we friends right ? :)
We had 4 inches of snow in Plano, TX yesterday, what spring?
"omg, Demi is so ugly & fat" uh Hi, hi excuse me did I ask for your opinion? what..., nah didn't think so love ;)
I dunno. x.x;; You can invade my closet tomorrow and find out. If not, we have a guy that can run us to Wal-mart.
Come by Coop's this Halloween weekend, what we've got is better than candy!
I think it's time to have an AccountCenter App in Android. Google is taking over!
would honest increase the makeup? He probably lie for
Love ur neighbor,ur fellow man.Love is patient & kind.Show the compassion & forgiveness that U would want to receive.
Cause you got a smilee that takess me to another plaanettt! <3
In a pretty good mood today. Much better than yesterday. But i am tired.
really is the greatest bit of dada comedy from a spam bot I've seen in a while. "Fish loose their teeth constantly." Amazing.
Pretty accurate RT : If you looked up "grind-it-out" in the dictionary, there would be an entry about this Heat-Knicks game.
I mean - it's a little early to be giving her retro chic props, or some kind of vintage pedigree. Maybe in another 10-15yrs.
3 factors to be common law married in TX: 1. live together, 2. an agreement to be married, 3. telling others you are H and W
it won't let me see it,
all the fucking time :)
. and I just booked our trip to NYC. Your suggestions of things to do/places to eat are welcome and appreciated!
Taking my last final today and realized I've only watched two movies this week since I was studying! Now what should I do to celebrate...
algebra homework, yayy:D
Makes people try a little harder ^_^
I LOVE IT!  i go to watch wizards of waverly place at 17:20 :)
Listening to Rev RC Crenshaw singing "I Love the Lord" on Alan Lomax recording. This is real. Trying to get to this sound occupies my time.
My fave New Year tradition: reading 12 onion peels to predict the yr's weather (Romania)
Yes, how are you?
ok thank you dm
It's National Bagel Day! What is the best bagel topping?
Good morning!
he's been tanning in the off season.
wish able bikini tan lines here on this kitti this year Quen
Blossoming Lotus shout out to the entire PDX Vegan Community~Here is to a rocking 2011 together~Filled with Fun, Surprises and NEW Creations
your post mentions wondering where the lyrics come from. Vast majority come from the community. GN is mostly duplicates.
Trying to think about how Sizemore's theorizing of wonder in *Wieland* might be useful for revisiting sleepwalking in *EH*.
#subwayrun before class
Hit the Lights! Let the music move you...
Sleep all day sounds so good today.
What I love about baseball is that you can watch 3 games at once if you need to. Tonight you need to.
The reunions really need to become series
RT RT : Too many people say Ricky Gervais wasn't funny last night. No wonder Grown Ups did huge business last year.
Very nice! Thanks!
#CharityTuesday check out the wonderful work of , & - Keeping the arts alive for all children!
omg!! You are coming?! My day has been made!! :D
DREAM Killer #8  Do I have to quite my day job in order to run a successful boutique?
has Shakira, Jay-Z & Will Smith join as investors and had 5.5 million downloads for iPhone over an 11-day period!!!
with a nerf gun!
Don't suffer from paralysis of analysis, take action!!!
Could this take any longer? Stop partying and watch your own kids!
I always figure out how to make money....
How's the Cetera treating you? RT : Dear , stop with the Adele already. Please, just stop.
#creative dilemma: choose between the known and unknown (which is juicier?)
Ha! Im an idiot. Wrap it up Friday --: You can only see my Friday, if U show me yours
I had a wonderful long weekend with my parents, & a great time with my mother-in-law on Monday. How blessed I am to have such a fun family!
Multiple people have told me that I grunt/moan in my sleep ....
The only limits we really have are the ones we place upon our self. Dream your dreams, and achieve the Impossible..... Lane
thanks for the tips. I could use some lessons on all.
don't talk to Payton that way. Have some respect, man.
#musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences? Beyond sharing?
It does not feel like friday
thanks! Great to finally hang out and work with you and ! Looking forward to more! And soon!
Perplexing, and perplexed. Why can't Tiger, Inc. and the Salahis just spit out WTF happened to them? What's going on?!
Stewie practicing for the olympics  lol
She dreamed of Paradise.
Get it legit, noob. :P
Shout out to my girl Devon Tuck! haha thanks for reminding me that I actually have a twitter account!
Awww u should go to Hoot Fest! I'm going! I wonder of hell be there!? Hmm
. is at the RB Community Council meeting tonight to talk about smart meters & wildfire costs. We'll share any interesting tidbits.
We're shooting on Wednesday! Come hang out and say hey! We'll be in St. Auggie! Hit us up
eat chocolate bunnies and say fuck it like the rest of us bro
Thanks for connecting. I've added you to the list /social-media. Check it out.
I hope RNG wins ABDC<3 you guys are amazingly good(: if that made sense:P haha Follow me(:?
I will say that this sandwich is fockin amazing. I missed u
The Dead Sea is "dead" because it has water flowing in but not out!
The 25-title longlist for the Best Translated Book Award will be announced later today--and 1 of the judges is a bookseller at 57th Street!
TSOI - LA is checking out The Hundred In The Hands tonight. Love the record hope they are as good live.
NOW: Media Briefing on U.S. long-term partnership with #Iraq. WATCH at www.pentagonchannel.mil
RT : Chrome: Fastest on Macs, Favorite on Weekends?: A raft of new data repaints the ever-changing picture of the glo......
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT  RAPE: GENITAL INJURIES - ...
Apparently a happy bunch...
who wants me to tweet about them for my 4,000th tweet?? anyone? anyone..
N e way... That got my mood shifted forreal! That was POINTLESS!
Ironically with Whitney's death, and I have been bringing up Bobby Brown's #Newedition up on our show on recently
you say redneck like its a bad thing
Tomorrow's gonna be the most boring day...
Woops! I meant "worth"
Man karma's a bitch
Nice to be a brass player on Christmas. I have a gig with a brass #quartet in #Minneapolis. Sound the trumpet! (or in this case #flugelhorn)
My cat reminds me they are large rats every time he brings one home. Yuck!
My dad overreacts about everrryyythingg.
yeah it is xD
I smoke. Don't judge me!
A key in life is to define ourselves not lose ourselves thru big moments (in sports) or big projects (at work).
true true maybe we can just knock off a bank in Florida next week and head straight to the islands.
Cause I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Watching #TheGridLive and waiting hopefully taking delivery of my new branding today from New website launching soon too!
I found about Blacks/Latinos not acting a fool and Asians being more than just 'smart'.
follow me i need help please i follow you back i promise
Are you near Seattle and love film? Win 2 tickets to the 2012 Seattle International Film Festival-May 17th through June 10th Tweet us to win
thanks Catherine - Gary Zukav's book Seat of the Soul led me to rethink everything. Love this quote.
omg same here :/
yes I have MMS CD-ROM in my laptop at work.
Also, the notion that you would try to deal with the Chen situation expediently so as to not upset talks seems really reasonable to me.
I think this was the first full week of the school year that went well. Hopefully next week will go as well.
why are the people at NA so........ weird ? u guys know what I'm talking about
He was out on bond awaiting trial for the first incident. Unfortunately.
To say that it's the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
When everything else fails, Music doesn't.
this one is me at a game...not good enough?
Ya'll it's hot down here' in Tennessee but we are beating the sun with ac and sweet tea. There are a bunch of photos from recent gigs on fb
ok man we will get our tennis on for sure!
Ok. I officially hate the Lakers more than the Raiders!
Someone take me out of this class 
I left my USB for a week & they called to tell me I forgot it. My USB has my name and tel # on it. Reminder to others, do the same.
No sense! Lmao! #ThugLifeRon RT : My guy said, "I gotta rep my hood, Queens Bridge" lol -
as always, we'd appreciate any Retweets and mentions. More than anything we want to converse with out audience. So let us know if you have ?
because only like twelve people follow me.. make people follow me!!!
Leaving seventh period :) #ThankGod :P Can't wait to see my little cousin graduate from head start :') !!!!!
Getting ready for final Atlas V countdown here at Cape Canaveral!
Union Rags, Creative Cause, Alpha, Sabercat are my 4 ponies 
i feel like we are just chasing atlanta on defense. can't keep up with them. c'mon boys. that's not your game.
Dang it, Dang it, Dang it
Twitter has given me new appreciation for
Lol...oops...I meant, happy wednesday!
Made a new discovery last night... Terry Gibbs is a Jew!
Fashion Inc. says "Too tight is not always right!"
one of the most awkward moments of my adolescence: LL Cool J's "Doin' It" comes on the radio, my mom and i start singing it.
so you come to my house and can't wait for me to get out of the shower >:O I'm officially disowning you as a family member. bye.
hahaha proof reading skills are lacking right now
not sure what to say about that...
cool blog,
not free yet.
damn! Creative indeed ;)
She's a bigger flopper than DWade. #dwts. Uh, I mean GO PACERS!
LOL What if u say you're a kid? Will she give u ice cream XD
yes, ill-advised :)
All the beats go hard af
This seems like a reasonable time to go to bed.
If i dont meet this year, I don't know what I'm gonna do with myself.
While Newt Gingrich is losing his Secret Service, he'll still find a way to be serviced secretly.
#amazing how somebody's life can become a story.
Thank you!!
Vote Victor Garcia for Wrong turn 5 director! -V
I'm an optimist
so does john think his brother is annoying still?
how much chuck could a wood chuck chuck?
OK tampa I see you. Lets party.
Rolling Stones on repeat. Who's with us?
CUSE Tonight, Sabres also tonight. Cold beer/Cocktails/Pizza/Dragon Wings/Specials. Like Walmart except with stuff you LOVE everywhere.
I don't need anyone to make me feel special I am fucking awesome
Thank you!
I dont need tupac on my phone but the hologram thing is what I NEED!!!
Or like comparing an IBM typewriter to a Blackberry?
People from fb need to stop finding me on instagram .-.
Is anyone else sad about closing? Any recommendations for photo editing websites that are similar?
  Scorpio is where it's at.
Dr. Thornton: "Our kids don't know what it's like to live outside poverty. We must show them!"
Believe yourself... The world worships an original.
Charles always tryna instigate shit wit that turtle neck on
School librarians: do you have a favorite educational e-book provider? Looking to expand my collection
guys who think they can go from girl to girl, use my bestfriend and hurt her basically cheat and expect me not to say somthing? SMH.
really? that'll be a dream come true!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH
when are you coming back to chicago?
With Gore in a contract year he could have a career year if he can manage to stay healthy
Ask : he doubts whether the state of the nation is better off than it was in 2008 under W. Bush.
I LOVE her. I NEVER hurt her. I MISS her. I LOVE texting her. Every SECOND I take it SERIOUSLY but her she don't FEEL anything. 
I hate giving #foxnews a rating boost with these gop debates.
Checking out augmented reality - so cool
yes moving to Lincoln Park by Clark ad Armitage and living on my own. Are we going to be neighbors?!
Gov. Brewer canget her point across in a civil manner without posturing & putting the Pres. on the spot! Who the hell does she think she is?
Finally had a chance to watch #BeavisandButthead. Impressed, they did a pretty good job bringing this classic back!
Friday and we can meet up @ 430-500 at Blake chill and then the show starts at 7 for $7 be prepared for $10 cause ya'll aint
Oh I read that wrong. I thought you meant I was the best! :) rushing home to watch the show live!
agreed! And so commercial innovation AND more #spectrum both necessary. Not an either or issue...
GOT "NEVA END" BY FUTURE BUMPiNG iN Mi HEAD...
how much did you make?
. Oh no! Thanks for clearing that up, its not true at all!
He should've left early. To beat traffic.
BAM! : how about a follow?
TUES 9/13 DONT MISS THE "ALL IN VARIETY SHOW" NYC HOSTED BY "JACKIE DA MODEL" MUSIC BY & DJ FINAL FAZE COME THRU!
I guess we won
Wino Wed. Enjoy a 2007 Howell Mountain Cab with hints of toast and dark chocolate. Happy hour 4-7pm.
": Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end, what you get is so much better than what you wanted." <3
If I type a bunch of f-bombs in a row, will I feel better? Or should I just turn off the #Brewers and go to bed? :(
#Otakon attendees vying for their second Bohero award. Early costumes lackluster. Hopefully they are saving their best for the weekend.
The name of that portable toilet will be "i gotta Go"
happy birthday to you
Someone got into an unlocked gray car, in front of a home in Alamogordo, and stole a checkbook from it. No suspects, but that will change.
Thank you. :) They are pretty great!
oh aye.
It smells like a zoo in the boys bathroom
FMC Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
Yes I agree, but for gay people, he is the first to take an actual stand regardless of if it's fake or not.
#SHOUTOUT: they follow back!!!!
thanks for the RT
i want and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (:
and i have the weirdest conversations. i love em.
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you insult TVD...jk you're just crazy.
Good luck. Nice to see a daughter of Vindication running so well.
Will this be the year that talent actually means more than web hype? My 2$ is on it...I would even take more sincere voices, holla!
accidently pullin the charger out the wall w/ distance in between & your comfortable
Hoist the Jolly Roger! Here's to a winning season for the #Pirates?
Hi John.Seth should make a podcast because is his birthday Hope you read it. I love your music, Have a nice day. God bless you!
Not much, you guys? :-) RT : Whatsup?
Tweeting to annoy
Yeah that's gonna solve your problems . Tweeting about your " best friend " .
please follow me its my life long dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: hahaha, this is awesome thank ya sir. Please help however you can to get it out there
well why should I? Tell me?
be there about 8
I think I'm the only one up right now!
#shadybiz.. This nigga just ate the pussy on the stage in Central Station.. #cuzheratchet!!
Lets go 9ers
Thanks for caring about the earth!
Planning on making a cover. Time to take out the keyboard<3.
i wanna try deep frying it
settings for Vignette app needs to save original so you can see full photo to edit later in another app.
Follow Back Please? :)
Attention young voters!! Are you going to the polls in 2012? Why or why not? Call us: 866-578-0903 or email
Good morning, I put wings in the day
Jamey Aebersold Workshop starts in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen. Grab you Axe, we'll be jamming til 1:30
Congrats class of 2011!! you did it boys <3
haha no sir, it looks like someone took some fireworks to my regular QT spot.
Amen, ours was out the day I finally turned it on. 1 call and 1 hour later - fixed. Completely painless to the checkbook!
RT!! Yo people is playing at The Ottobar on Tuesday Oct 18 then you can go to #EDMSWAG Tuesdays at Mobys with
too! #NYULondon might be a stalker coalition.
Cardio time w/ my mother!!... Aka Shopping! :)
One Shining Moment!
pretty bad. Do you have any good pointers?
good call
lol Will do, and agreed. Sweet dreams, don't let the bed bugs bite.
Bug a boo >> forgot about this JAM lol
I need summer to be as long as the school year
good deal Son, I might be a little occupied this weekend with company of my own...
Somethings in my brain just don't turn on at the right time, so that is why i am slow. Sorry...
Is very sad upset angry with herself and another. Crying jags are such fun...
Thanks for the shout out Paul. Hornedon - happy to help out, just let me know whats up
I'm so tired of see our men not going to school women out number us and they r becoming bosses while men r stuck in dead end jobs n drugs
I have a buddy in the pits today, sent me a pic of the car ... looking good!! Hope to see it in victory lane. Go get 'em!!!
Thanks for the mention!
YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT TIME I GET OUT ON FRIDAY?
Finally finished #walkingdead season 2...wow what a great show!
that's how im feeling.. I blame you.. in a good way .
Thanks for dining with us! Love seeing folks check in! How was your pizza?
Yes, I did just use the ladies bathroom at the bar.
I know that one!
i dont see any in your prof picture....
hit us up to if interested thanks
was Face Timing and we ain't have sht too talk about ! lmao
my pleasure:)
Blocking you on facebook was deffiantly the best choice I ever made
Hahahaha I'm so excited c:
1-800-PRINTING IS NOW GIVING AWAY 5000 BUSINESS CARDS FOR $75 DOUBLE SIDED COLOR.....ONE SIDE YOUR AD, THE OTHER SIDE OUR AD
Happiness is not 1 but 2 cones from DQ one was small twist dipped in butter scotch the other was kids chocolate dipped in cherry, so good!!!
I hired Steven Young at Thinkstill - will let you know when I see finals
i was born with this hair , if i see one string .. somebody gone be fuckedddd up !
Agreed. I really enjoyed it.
bruh did u see that big girl tracy with
How much do you know about #equalpayday? Did you know today symbolizes how far into 2012 women must work to earn what men earned in 2011?
God Bless America was pretty decent even though it could have benefited from some editing. Think Idiocracy + Falling Down.
You're everywhere Chris. Good stuff.
It's not what you say Christina its how you say it, Put Christ back in your name and maybe u will find joy again!
I'm impressed by how Brouwer's modernity combines with folk and dance idioms.
Can't wait for March 23!
Hair long, ass fat,shawty mean.
Thrones is the one. The Killing has a stellar first season but went off rails right at start of season 2
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." Psalm 73:26
Is dannymac still an employee of #thescore670 or what? Dont get me wrong all day every day works for me!
Friday's Feature: Blackened Flat Iron Steak w/ a crab stuffed crimini mushroom, gorgonzola cream sauce & side salad Soup: Butternut Squash
"See this 'C' on my hat? Stands for 'Chicago.' All you have is a stocking." LOL
saw "american teacher". its good. the mix needs a little work & music a little much at times. mandatory viewing for non-teachers!
hopefully ok! He's in right now for another hour or so
i found you....now send for me, please....
Congrats to on their grand opening today! Way to go guys! ^dr
Raining rather steadily right here right now.
omg I'm going too!
If not knowing that she's beautiful is what makes her beautiful, then she's not beautiful anymore, right? By now she has heard the song.
lmao (x you don't have to:b its just a liddo gift to remember me by when you move :c *tear*
As a grad student from UTPA I thank you for the follow.
I don't know how I manage to break things so easily!
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Adam is down!! #BB13 #CBSBigBrother Everybody say it with me 'SHOCKER'!!
Phillip and Colton:)
I think Hootsuite is probably your best bet at the moment.
Anyone excited to see the 2013 Lineup of bats from ?? Just recently caught ourselves a glimpse AMAZING!!!!
dtp artists, tk n cash is the most recent artist development ive done, focus more on marketing
i live in cleveland
MUHAHAHHA Nick jonas is single again *.*
Win. Fun. Tickets. Live @ the Vic Theatre this Saturday. Sold Out Show. BUT u can go here 2 get hooked up:...
Thank you much ~*~. Wishing you and yours a joyful
Happy Friday everyone - special shout out to the Ninjas! #slpeeps #ninjas (cc: )
I'm not going to take the same old Sedan...or the new one.
For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations. Psalm 100:5 <3
Alright refs, don't let there be a goalie interference on Marty tonight. I know that he is so good that you threw the Flyers a bone.
I.S.D. Locksmith Serving Pacific Beach, CA and the San Diego area, we are the source for fast lockouts
Tracking vocals today, then one song left to record for our EP
RT : Does anyone know how 's son is doing? - I am worried sick as well. No news.
Back from vacation, working through the backlog! Ready to get things going!
" #Defining yourself before others define you" Sto-Rox student says- #stopbullying -
2-WAY SMS can drive engagement/behavior change. Txt QUIT to 47848 to see how helps reach teens to
;0 don't do that
haha, ok. no squeezing. afterward, I will leisurely pick it up. after I space out for a week or so.
San Francisco Giants - TeamReport - Chicago Tribune
Wow Nike did a great job on the uniforms!
I feel like we've all been very presumptuous with regard to the appetite of wolves for the last 30 years or so.
Happy Birthday  And Happy Easter!
A complete financing statement and a.construction contract would have been needed
Most wonderful time of the year... Love the holidays!!! <3
Your so cute Lexi <3 ": I ask God not for an easy path, but for the strength & endurance to be where I wanna be."
- Good luck
Had a stupid ugly dream.
Isn't it more complicated than that? For instance, what sort of meals should one eat?
I'm a hit you up
I've been there a lot for friends and work, but I'm not there now. Next time I visit let's nerd the fuck out.
I've had heel savers as a kid..but not taps . Grew up on stride rite .RT Man the roc really held us down for years
I've never seen such a delicious looking dessert!
"God, help me to comfort others more than I am comforted, to understand more than I am understood, to love others more than I am loved."
I didn't do my work because you said it was optional.
and you my friend!
Sunday fun day! Come on in for some delicious MENUDO!
#MarkLogic makes your architecture look simple. There is great power in simplicity.
Here comes Cox!!!!
lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol
Nasty ass move by wade
Yes I know Jason Crouch. Looking forward to your tweets!
#SomeWomenCantStand a guy with no respect
: I *knew* I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.rt
I should probably stop making faces at people I don't know very well.
well sorta. We're watching the stream from the hotel.
still has some open spots for Bruschetta auditions tomorrow night! Email to request one!
Yes me too - Jazzy Jasmin!
Glad you had a good time! RT What a wonderful art filled day! First then AUSO & AU Chorus! Great work all around.
There's also World On A Wire on blu-ray here for $20. Oh wait - no there isn't. YOINK! 
Will finish Adrian McKinty's LIGHTHOUSE LAND today & start TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis
titanic 3d...not as bad as i expected. still love kate and leo.
For the next half hour I'm gonna get caught up on the kardashians
RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner. - LOVE ! :)
Oh, hi you! Over here, in my office, trying to keep it together!
So my day has sucked immensely alreeady. An hour of sleep plus a coffee spill while driving plus being cut off multiple times is just. No.
RT : Excellent! The word "spirit" itself comes from the Latin word for "breath", so its def applicable to everyone.
At #skinfactory time to get my friend some ink!
Happy #Bday Ms Lady I hope you're having a fantastic day!
Fell off the #Blog2012 wagon yesterday. Oops. Hope I don't disappoint my #jour111 students who are still kicking butt. I'll still blog tho!
Not to wish ill on someone but I hope Pedro Alvarez continues to flop. I want to see Casey Mcgehee get another shot. Go oppo, Casey
somehow I just found this message.Thanks for listening! I try to be objective which usually infuriates even more people!!!
Just wait until you see the gorgeous Summer Reading calendar our new graphics artist has made! It went to press today.
Frustrated that small pct of young ppl want to get into science, incl software eng. Got to find ways to help them rewire their thinking.
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve.
Not every performance is going to be the best but the fact that you have the guts to do it makes it worth the practice "
Adele is too bumping!
was more active.
Slut Girl: "I don't know what to write about, I don't have any paper, can I borrow a pen, let me blow you" haha
Man I'm addicted to this game ,life is crime on my phone
Be sure to follow He ROCKS! #twittermovie LOL =D
Im so proud of you #-Drake;
Great first day of filming with Looking forward to round 2 & then also performing in Trafalgar Square at 3.30!
Good Morning!
": BIG Shoutout To My New FRIENDS o" 4sho I follow back)
Angelica - good luck with the netroots nation scholarship -- let me know how it goes!
To think I would ever be with you again was a mistake.
I would rather be lonely than broke.
thx much for the #EDU11 info. Really looking forward to the conference!
We shall see.
wouldn't it? Or would it be full of breast and explosions?
I like it when you call me big papa
How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice. Now are you getting hungry?
are you a robot?
Agus an canna a thabhairt duit :) RT : May you always have a cool head and a warm heart.
Been lax in my thank yous for all the twitterluv! Peace!
So excited for much anticipated Avery news on tonights episode. I love THG, but I miss on 30 Rock!
follow me olz
someone finally gets mee.
We studying tomorrow?
**BANDS! contact me for SHOWS and INTERVIEWS**
We would really like to thank the musicians we work with. Without their great talents this would not be possible!!!
For filmmakers who loved making movies when they were kids, like us, and for film lovers who are still 80s kids at heart, go see SUPER 8!
I got everything I needed to do done already. & now I have even more things to do :s
shit alredy know my gee. Red dot night fuck it..
Happy birthday (tomorrow)! Note: no artificial reminding technology was used in the preparation of this tweet. ;)
Which one?
Mia is havn its days but yea jus out here scopen the next move . . . Yo you got the same cell??
RT : POTUS: "I've ordered every federal agency to eliminate rules that don't make sense."
Thanks for the RT -- and for your strong support of our work here in the District!
So true!!
Lmfaoooo ! It Was Funny Tho I'm Not Gunna Lie . Ahahahahaaha Who *Wipes Tears From Eyes*
Just booked 2 gigs in #Akron and possibly more! Get ready now #AK!!!
I never get to use the computer anymore #geekproblems (I need to go back to school!)
Pie me in the face for #LoveIsLouder because LOVE IS LOUDER THAN HATE
Ugh jeez. Didn't know Delta is the official airline for #Cardinals. #fail. I will email the Cards to let them know.
the Occupy skanks, apologizes to skanks, think that rioting & Effing with regular peoples livelihood will win elections? Ha ha
that looks pretty funny!
SOME ONE GET ME A LOCK FOR MY ROOM
I've just realized that it's now more important to me to have hardwired connectivity near my TV than in my home office.
pretty much.
now u and i both know i cant show u nothin. Dnt want no problems started
you going to the game tomorrow ?
that's not even a question bro....Cinnamon Toast ALL DAY....shiiiiiit matter a fact....ima pour me up 1 now..lol
Love that my pals & are at #Nerdprom!!!
Thanks for all the #RTs and #FFs!
Can't believe how awful that Physics exam went..
RT: : Go River Cats! Follow us at Share with your Followers.
Who think I'm goin down if I were shorts to school?
What happened to us? Used to be so perfect..
Hey remember. the old days. here on Peoplestring
congrats on becoming a paid regular
The moon is gorgeous over Nashville tonight!
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back...
how can i help?
thanks for following!! Have an amazing 2012!!
bless u
i love you so much it's unhealthy.
Wheels from Waukesha will be calling in on this one tomorrow. cue the happy gilmore "jackass" drop
If you melted this ice cream down, then centrifuged & chemically analyzed its components, it would tell you where babies come from.
As I announced on Tha1 radio, I will be the official DJ of the SA Talons. Stay tuned for promos and give aways!
Pulling into Disney. : "Guys, remind me to get some forks, I'm out." HAHAHA.
hahaha if that's what you call it .. Drink drink drink
I wish I had a recipe for you that I could follow. If only it were that easy
Did the #CinnamonChallenge today..... It was awesome!!!!
These clouds look super fake!
Congratulations Jayson Nix
At the Reginald Lewis Museum yesterday, over 800 people attended the Black Male Identity project closing event--broke a record at the museum
ooh! Imma save u as oon as Im back from breakfast! Im meeting m new step sister. haaha
I am going to have that lazy harp seal song stuck in my head all day and I am totally OK with that.
there was no music express at the carnival D:
Revision this weekend. Making a pledge that I won't go on Twitter during that time..
sorry, i have a life besides bringing you smoothies
couldn't have said it better myself.
#copycat fosho. i like her hood, tho.
Any know know where I can find, borrow, or buy a pair of rain boots for an audition tomorrow?? 10.5 men's or larger?
And is moving on to the 4rd Round! Who RU rooting for - Vandy or Harvard? Will we see a Ivy League of the Midwest vs Harvard?
2009 Seven Hills Ciel Red... Monster Wine w Huge Tannins concentrated dark red black fruits mod + length and spicy finish
i'm sorry, i have a day off? what? stuck on the futon for awhile. ;)
Why does some of my family feel the need to pack their whole lives on vacation? Just the necessities....
I'm going to get a mouse and name him Mickey...because I'm just that cool and original.
OH: I'm sitting on a park bench and just farted accidentally too loud while making eye contact with a stranger
good luck. You'll kill that exam. Love you 
what it do fam
lol don't those statements contradict...a lady would have not fucked with him right? Lol :-)
thanks for the mention. has been and is a great brand! Glad you keep coming back!
A kiss without a hug is like a flower without the fragrance.
Taking your kids to soccer or swim classes? Plan routes and timing to avoid heavy periods of traffic.
where u been bro? In chicago for my father. Say a prayer for us.
are you bullet proof?
Stacks 'o wax & mounds 'o sound. That's what we're puttin' down.
So happy is using my favorite flowers on stage
pretty sure I'm gonna buy that tank top tomorrow 
~ Your B day is still a week away...
and Roger Zelaznys The chronicles of amber and tell me what you think. I love them.
nah. Legit.
youre welcome young lady
Congratulations on being honored as a NM Woman of Influence!
At 4am tmr morning (my time) all of america will have just seen how #desperatehousewives ends after 8 years & I have to wait till tmr! ah!:(
42% of workers over 55 have been out of work for more than a yr.Our Mature Worker Program trains and employs 232 55+ ppl so 42% gets reduced
I always give it my all....that's how peanut butter and jelly do <3
Sad, but true. ": 10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop & Facebook? When I was 10, I felt cool w my new markers."
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
There is no secret to SUCCESS. What exists is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.  Colin Powell
The white trash on Steve Wilkos
Handshakegate! Petty, sure. I'd rather have a star player (RvP) be petty in defeat than a racist or a cheat (or both).
how about blue polenta??
See y'all then! I'll be chick dancing foolishly all night long :)
only if you promise to respect them in the morning.
To my mother, you are the best, you are my hero, you are my strength...I love you so much. Happy mothers day
I'm great just been busy! How you doing :)
that said, if that throw is on the right side of the base and Cutch was toast.
one key feature of #hireworx - make it easier to fill out forms and new profile info by auto filling with social data
Thank you!!!
A7"Great players make the plays theyre supposed to and a few more" Advice of bball coach, made major impact whn applied 2
so..? How do you say it in Spanish? I'll never replace my beloved "FUCK!" but I do like expanding my profanity-based repertoire.
Here at #sxsw and I can say.. This is the most corporate back bunch of Fucks on the planet. Next year #fuckthebadge hang out in coffee shops
i love yall too! Twitter is my posting board for my random rants.
Come warm me up. :-)
#FlyUnion is the best group ever
I have a brand new android app that will now allow me to stay more up to date with this facebook now. So kick ass ZOMBIES!!!!!
Ugh...i hate packing sometimes. I wish i could just snap my fingers and it all be done.
Surfing day 1: didn't catch a wave, but managed to get hit in the face with another guy's board. Watch out Slater..Mommy's in the water now
No problem! Keep up the great work.
I am super jealous!! Good Luck! :) RT you're looking at the newest intern at !
Real Fox News headline: Big thinking, bold Newt Gingrich is America's real-life Captain Kirk
or like that some1 liked your status hahaha
Louis CK is too funny. Too bad I don't have FX.
who loves nice cream? i do.
I'm a copywriter who's got a hankering for social media, a knack for creativity and wants to be on your team!
lol okay well yeah that's not good sleep....well take 9 shots of tequila and it won't make no nevermind!
Just replied
But yeah, it wouldn't make sense to let go of a civilian PIO to hire another sworn firefighter to do the same job.
VASS HAPPENING!!! :P
This is how scientific inquiry begins, my friends.
I already got one kicking around. It's Just easier this way especially when I can't get ahold of anybody.
Why am I still awake?!?
I miss my baby soo much...everytime he calls & I hear his voice makes me miss him even MORE<3 grrr.
#oomf just played me
UW-Madison grad Kelly McDonald is taking the stage at #caseasap2010!
Niggas in paris #TUNE!
Sleep in past 6 a.m. for the first time in weeks? Or wake up early and hit the flea market?
*Oops, be careful! You don't want to waste a good thing! ;)
that is surprising! And sad...my glasses are by her.
Yeah and I made more money today than Zuckerman...
too Many things :(
#Transformers, more than meets the eye.
Slim must be too excited to have his boots off. He just been tweetin shoes and socks lol
I got a freaking hug from Martin Broda tonight!(: then i went and cried.. best fucking concert ever
I swear is the best thing EVER!! SO MUCH NEW MUSIC!! I'm in heaven!
Phones are evil devices. 150 years ago it would have been the pony express.
Don't know what you are asking RT : You mean via RTs?
Remind me to never have kids annoying ass kids
Tired of being home alone. It's just me and Benjamin for the night
consider yourself having sex as your daily routine :-)
#Insolvency for #Medicare is 2024; #SocialSecurity is 2033; SS #Disability 2016. Will & Congress ignore? RT
Am I the only person that actually cracks up to the jokes on Popsicle sticks?
u too have a fun weekend! Love my
Thanks for the follow, Dan. Hope you are doing well!
Getting a haircut today to be ready for
We reduced shipping prices at our online merch store! Order now and we'll throw in a special little something! flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
Yikes. Stopped by the grocery for quick grab. Laughing at this madness now.
hey were here ready for the race here in Richmond, is the race still on for tonight??? let me know!!! Thanks!!!
Savannah: Babies are cute! Me: Yes!!! Savannah: *silence* *Mr. Marmara walks by* Me: MY WATER BROKE!!! -Savannah dies laughing-
it's one thing to do it out of a car window over asphalt & another on grass... But sweet nonetheless :)
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
I always think my kids are not well behaved, and then I meet other people's kids.
Any chance youll still be in the Minneapolis area on Wednesday 12/14?
no smiling. :(
I hope so!!
Congratulations to this one and only for being elected as the next President of APO! So excited for you girlie.
still trying to figure out how to add friends to my Google+ account! LOL
Some guy's nose is bleeding. He tried to out-dougie me. He has since left the floor.
SSA's 235-foot freight boat "Katama" collided with a lobster boat. Coast guard helicopters were searching for boat.
The most annoying baseball player on twitter. I coach little league kids that are more relevant in Grosse Pointe
If your in a relationship on 4/1/12 lmbo your relationship is uh joke !
Yes Yes Yes Lord! I OBEY!!!! song "Yes To Your Will" stirring all in me....
sounds like plan! Different seats this year tho I believe
looking for a job? Check out
Bosh need to man da fuk up n take it to da rim
Yall this man at mickey dees came NFL and nipped the same spot AROUND me while I'm eating my food ..not 1,not 2 or 3 times but 4 EFFIN times
They look pretty legit to me. You know, aside from the fact that there is only 1 follower. You all deserve more.
I'm home but I'm saving myself for Friday!!!
I know! Right! Lol.
Spanglish phrase of the day: Taco Cabana - Elaborate condiment bar. Usage: "He put out chingos de pico, salsa and limes, bien Taco Cabana."
Oy, it's been a rollercoaster, but it looks like DS is GWU-bound. He wants DC no matter what, and Georgetown said no (sob).
Hot day?! Ice cold ZICO! Join us at Hermosa Beach pier!!!!
I really want a boyfriend, but I hate how I would be a crappy girlfriend
I bet a whole lot of homeless men on the NYC subway are real mad this Kony guy is getting all the attention
starting at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar with the cool people 10pm-12 and then to hot rdv nyc.
and memphis tn
yep, Hanoori sounds good! See you Thursday.
This is crazy.
welcome Emily tks for connecting, pleased ur reading our book. your book title is irresistible "Effective Immediately".
I think it's adults now. No choice about it. :-)
bring the kid with you. they should see Avengers too :)
Richard Belzer rocks
Who designed Noah's ark?An ark-itect !
Hungry By Nature!
Thanks to everyone who came by for the TALA wills workshop. Thanks to for notarizing our documents, too!
with the bases loaded and NObody out
my sisters are still laughing at justins tweet to mariah, they're 20 and 21...
About to eat the breathing hell out of this lox bagel, then decoupage a bathroom floor. (and probably drink cake vodka)
Dont You Worry Imma be across the pond Soon!
lol!...it is kind of scary....you are supposed to be my voice of reason!!
FANTASTIC Job!!!!!!
I tweeted more today than I ever have.
Several police arresting woman in Capitol Visitors Center who's screaming many things, urging everyone not to assassinate Paul Ryan
Oh, dear. Big lightning. Now I feel safe.
That the solution I'd give him if I were the Judge. Along with a little "snip & clip"!
hey guy! Now following you! :)
pandora really knows me today c:
I hope i'm not the only one who feels the need to dance on a table whenever "Where Them Girls At" is playing.
I swear I be actin like a old lady
Ticketmaster classifies Kiss as alternative rock. i classify Ticketmaster as clueless.
we just love and is there anything better than a bentspoon cupcake followed by a good book?
You've had the same ringtone since, what, 2006? RT : I'm sorry I get weirdly judge-y about your choice of ringtone.
Today's gift card winner is Abby Litkenhous. Congratulations!
I take baseball way too seriously... lol at a bunch of reds fans almost attacking me. This IS new york...
Even through the rough times your the best I've ever had and I wouldn't trade the world for you!!
#FF Thanks for the RTs and Mentions!
The process of transformation and reclamation begins with introspection and acknowledging the betrayal of our authenticity
lmfao your so racist
If i could wake up just 60 minutes earlier, i could have breakfast
Follow My other Account Pleasee Everybody? &
there no reason! :b
haha hope it was because of the "draft thing" and not the "other thing"
Blonde Gang is not about having blonde hair but about individuality & uniqueness. What Makes You You! Follow !
#AvrahamInfeld - Jews: confused if we are majority or minority - complex issue b/c we are both & should have understanding of both.
Going down to The King Center??? Mention Our MLK Special and Recieve 10% Off Regular Rate
please follow she is you biggest fan!70
Today could not get worse
Rosie and I will be your bridesmaids. I promise, you won't remember a thing
My 89-year-old grandmother just signed up for and finished the first lesson. 3 cheers to lifelong learning, #edtech, and her!
Benefit for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society tonight for one of my all time radio heroes, Rhubarb Jones. Very honored to take part!
On Deck: Dirty 30 Birthday Celebration. Bring on the Band!
When them single bi fems at the real n mature ones we tired of these phony mfs
Wish the refs would just let the teams play seriously
Duuuuuuuuuudeeeeeee. When people ignore you.
: check out #ObamaDerbyNames to remind yourself that you live in a nation of rancid garbage -> Holy crap!!
Thanks for the follow, Dan! Check us out on Thurs. March 22 at Plush with 3 other fantastic female-led bands!
Something better is coming up it caught my eyes.
Jaleel was good
I don't fuck with religion, see that's my decision
Awkward moment when you send a dm to the wrong person xD
Nah, he's way dead.
Well there goes my spring cleaning out the window stupid tornado season.
Yep, I'm At My Daddy's House Feeling Like A Baby...
Ahh. Like the memories of our bottomless cheese & sausage tour on Old World 3rd Street? ;)
well i know a lot of people missed you at Prom...I hope you are doing better!
Wow #tigers breaking this one open. Crew needs to do the same tonight!
asking applicants to front the $35 for the test (as in FL) is absurd. People applying don't have much money -- that's the point
Movie recommendation is Faye Dunaway in "Mommie Dearest"..happy mothers day
To the easter traffic/people that made my wait at 20 minutes longer, I hope you all get nailed to a cross and Burned to death.
screening this evening @ 8:45pm. Go check it out!
I just got a copy of the #GameofThrones book!
she's special what can I say lol. Tremendo package and bargain. Two in one :P
4th of July sale - Save up to $125 on flight and hotel packages to great cities across the U.S. Contact us today.
you know. SE Asia
Dinner Ethnic Gourmet Chicken Pad Thai, Poland Springs, yum yum yum
thanks for following! We hope you'll stop by our theatre and enjoy some of the great actresses that grace our stage.
wow - awful... Rather hear jenny dell all night and she is like a robot, liner jock
It's because I have an Android! Their music is so good! :D
Fruit, wings, Caesar salad, souvenir bucket snax, soft pretzel, dogs, brat, burger, fries, desert
Why are many medias now saying the same thing as Fox?
"This Shining Night" will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival. Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
I need something to do today!!
Just did my senior speech on legalizing marijuana.
ROMNEY DID NOT INVENT STAPLES BUT HE FIRED A STAPLER ONCE
Detroit should literally be flagged on every play for holding!
Remember your resolutions? You probably need them now as much as you did in January. It's a good time to revisit & revise them.
let's see those vinyl release photos!
dude!Don't say shit like that 2 Bwood and yes we can afford it!Cause we have them, I guess there not gonna use it just for that
and ikr it makes me mad but i dnt think it should start a twitter war
Researching, writing on climate change and sea level rise, water quality, ocean acidification. Trying to be upbeat amidst troubling news.
- i'm still twit-stupid ;-) I have a msg from you, but no clue how to find it. Halp! :0) (Maybe i'm just a twit? ;-))
you should go look at my backround ;) ahhah i think youd love it :)
hahahahahaha we're so funny (:
right! likewuttt. & what else was different? farms everywhere? lololol
the one time I'm not at work....
you are very welcomw
rihanna's forehead...is an issue
The kid got what you deserved, he candymanned. You can't candyman or biggy smalls and not expect that - Troy Bartow
aye bro i just emailed you hit me up when you get a chance.
Greeks Head To Polls Amid Anger, Doubts Over Euro Future - Wall Street Journal
uh, no
Chomping on some spicy shrimp. .....Getting ready for tonite
oh. Did she bring any omiyage?
oh 4realz dass crazy ; where do u work at ?
I know right! haha had to do some stuff I was procrastinating on.
I hope you feel better soon!
So if you think about it, itll be worth it.
before miller park was officially proposed, what was attendance numbers at Co Stadium? May be similar to BC's?
I'm in love with Washington D.C.
i have so much to do
Many people do not know the Corporate Flag has replaced the National Flag. Get your Chevrons. 2Admit US Soldiers are used for this corp.
hah thanks girl!
Every girl out there is beautiful! I'm serious!
your mini vacation is over I take it?
This jaywalker near UNMH was stumbling he was drunk of the #zombieapopcalypse has started
uhm..then stop tweeting me? Like seriously? It goes both ways. And same to you darling.
$200K budget for collabs and marketing!Need to find super hero major artists who want to jump on this project and many others
The devil wants you to say hell yes. But jesus wants you to say hell no!!!
Didn't check my email, walked to class, class canceled.
Day 4 without dessert. I will shiv you for a piece of carrot cake or a piece of white chocolate raspberry Napoleon.
heads up is in Memphis :)
Hope you're having a good weekend in Vail. I have your hair tie! :)
Thank you for a GREAT SHOW!!!
Sick game-winning goal by ...
Taco time. All you can eat for $4.50. Come see me
re-skin. I was being facetious
I know some of yall hos like real freaky shit, like bein tied up wit yall legs behind your head while hamsters an gerbils is runnin around
wants 1500 followers by May 1! Help us reach our goal: follow & RT so u & ur friends can get inside info on everything LATW!
Not as of now but as we get closer ill give you more details. RT : ... for a few weeks ... any plans for you to...
lets get outta here
was very tempted, but dry-clean only is a dealbreaker.
Mike, you might as well give up. Davis is showing to be an ironically close-minded individual right now.
I wish these next two weeks of my life could fast forward.
Audience's imagine more in their head than you can ever act out. Audience will do it for you, their imagination is great.
RT - Goin to a Detroit Lions vs. New England Patriots game wit my mom's bf ugh hate this i should b hangin wit my gf right no...
(continuing) when I return from my trip...lol
And the countdown begins officially...
Welcome back! We missed you!
Hahahaha Mhm gurlfran  control yo'self before ya hurt yo'self. Black girl swagger overload
what u working on mayne
who really cares anymoree.?
Putting the crew together for the movie. A sound guy is so relevant to have on set.
If only there were more fish in the sea  
they are having an naacp meeting about the guy that got shot in Florida
yes(; I sure hope you like talking to me .? :p
nice double today
rest: Honest, Intelligent, Jesus, K, Lovable, Music, N-, Optimistic, Piano, Q-, Radio, Successful, Trustworthy, U-, V-, Weird, X-, Y-, Zesty
How are yal this evening
Just got done swimming (:
check out , playing with the big boys and Broadcom in the Wireless & Mobility category
that is just... no. evict. BE THE B IN APT 23! DO IT.
as many bottles of "win" as your heart desires :P
The day will happen whether or not you get up...
get some comfy shoes, don't try that in Chucks. And, that is Fucking awesome. Cancer fucking sucks.
Add a car too if that's what you really want
Compound fracture. Bone thru skin. Headed to surgery.
#Libra is happiest working with others & often found in business with their spouses. They often need another to review the events of the day
College Football Conference Realignment = Soap Operas, for Men
Did everyone have a great day today? xA.Lx
Great to see you last night at 's awesome #smcrva gig.
Bravery is not the ability to face what scares most people. It is the ability to face what scares you.
It feels nice to call you mine <3
Diving today in Huntington beach :)
him at this point in time to people just getting to know him.
Sorry to dissapoint but I was NOT killed in a car accident as some ass keeps posting on the web
Have had an amazing time #cleaneating around Edinburgh. Now heading south for more adventures.
Marlins bullpen so shitty
i love #UNBROKEN its Amazing
Marketing You and Your Company on the Internet - Real estate ...
ITS FRIDAY!!! CLUB DOWNTOWN IS WHERE ITS @ TONITE (FILMORE & CENTRAL) FREE PARKIN! $4 U CALL ITS ALLNITE!
Just imagine if The Blazers would of drafted Durant and if Roy didn't retire and was healthy with Aldridge thay would be sick
Bout to hit this shower then back 2 sleep hopefully
Wishing i was best friends with the kardashians and watching their show every day of mt life.
so the boots are enough to call it the best gift for Christmas? Too easy!
I lost something important, and IT IS DRIVING CRRAZZZY!!!
We are creating software for trade show producers, In a joint venture with LDD Consultants, which will transform the industry. Stay tuned!
: Mike Aviles homered in the 4th and doubled in the 5th to help build a 10-2 #RedSox lead over the Twins in the 7th. Let's Go RS!
i just tried to call NO answer
Why is "Light Skinned" trending? Society's got black people so brain washed LOL smdh
You don't know them and you're gunna be rude ? LMFAO PLEASE
Went to a "Lego" store for the first time (in NYC). Amazing. An Apple store like shrine to #legos. Love it.
messing around with my flip video camcorder, already have videos up! www.icraigery.com
M, give me juicy pork over shoe leather pork any day of the week!
OH guy in Colgate shirt: "How did you guys hear about this? Facebook?"
I DO!
Lol i'm tired!
Booooooooooooooooord. Just listening to podcasts.
#edshow The GOP has slipped up and revealed its true chauvinist colors. Remember: "HELL HATH NO FURY....."
I Like Juice.
: #MentionTo someone who always in your mind.
My fan keep making weird noises and I think it's Aliens.
the blond guy is definitely dying while his bitch is at that dinner
. and started speaking in incoherent sentence fragments. (2/2)
don't you think the arcana of numeric computing in floating point is more of a barrier than the ability to read formulae?
And the Sixers win!
We all drink from wells we didn't dig; eat fruit from trees we didn't plant. - be ever grateful.
Madonna is a American Icon..Have never been the biggest fan,thou she deserves a Hell of alot more respect than what she received.Well done!
dancer had a boner on tv on DWTS Monday Haha picture at www.1067kissfm.com keyword:eman
My mom keeps Saying texans are gonna choke I told her Shes a liar
What would teacher education programs look like to prepare teachers to teach 21st century skills (e.g. )
Rizzo for Cashner and his dodgy shoulder? Dunno about that....
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. Walt Disney
There you are! How are you? Yeah, folks seem to be backing off a bit...pretty frustrating, you know?
it'll be a good one.
Snug as a bug in a rug
my check list: crack Jay up *check* xD
wow dude i just f***in' saw this o.o damn i'm like months late and shit! :o
what point??
My boss is on cloud 9. Her article was accepted for an upcoming ASCD Educational Leadership issue.
All I want in life is to be a gracious unicorn.
Hi my name is Heaven Thompson
Toby should be with Spencer!! Jenna is just in the way -_-
I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment.
LOL it's okay, I just bought some!!!!
I do love the elegant dance of continual response and improvement.
Tell Me A Lie on repeat. I just love this song so much words can't explain.
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. head press. A single thought of love is a eulogy. Love is a garland
Going to the D-Derby today!!!!!!! :D
Super Bored but so much to do!
yo where can i send u some tracks homie?
Met some neighbors ... We Finna smoke #Match
#hungergames makes me want to watch The Truman Show again...
Note to Self: Don't watch Girl With A Dragon Tattoo right before bed.
If you know or have a patient with cancer watch the documentary 'Burzynski' by Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski, it's an eye opener...
Tonight's collegehoops slate features 3 matchups of ranked teams, none bigger than the first of 2 meetings this season between Duke and NC!
Almost 100 (and growing) here protesting the USC master plan and EIR [Figueroa and Expo] before USC 6pm event
Game only works if the girls willin...if not, its called stalking
okei bye I go people
Being that it has yet to happen, your future is flawless...how will you step into it.
And all that jazz..
": My ass still hurts btw." Hm
- lol you are right, is cooler than you Russ, j/k
Sunday April 10: , pygmy lush, low hanging wires, and veterans at Goetz Alley in Cincinnati! for more info.
Sure, you could say that a pilot using FAA airwaves to rant is a story, but if the rant was truly offensive, why rebroadcast it?
why not?!
tell Dan to text me please
I'm not white trash?
When the hell did CBS move #HIMYM to 8:30pm? I just missed the season finale!
Uncomplicated Woman uses her femininity in a powerful, persuasive (POSITIVE) way to lift the men in her life.
Hahaha I get like that to!:)
#Fenway Brats live rock&roll party Saturday night at Who's On First #Boston! Facebook.com/FenwayBrats
Like a damsel in distress....
Get ready DSM.
Something is wrong when it takes more time to tie your tie for the hearing then the actually court hearing itself.
Happy Friday even if it is the thirteenth. Take the energy of tomorrow and enjoy it today. Love is in the air.
No, you! RT You're my favorite.
other than - twitter
Day 2 of putting the final touches on our art for peace curriculum. This thing is a beautiful work if art!
OK. Thank you!
A new day, A new start(:
RT : Been a solid 10 hours since I've seen an even mildly humorous dog joke. Gonna be a long summer.
you want to meet him too?
Seeing at tonight!
Knowing God and knowing about Him are 2 very different things. Don't just be a fan, be a friend of God. John 15:9-18 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Have you tried our new #Gyros #Fries yet? What do you think!?
If you'd like an old-fashioned HTML email reminding u of the next Rhapsodomancy reading 2 wks b4 it happens, email
I'm just saying I can't help it if I'm better!
whats the dimensions for a twitter icon
I knew I wasn't off-base with that one. We like solving problems. It's in our nature. We probably need the challenge :D
Thanks for letting me ask a question on your show with rachel
If you asked me how many times you've crossed my mind, i`d say once because you've never really left.
Rick also prefer that a man should marry a manly man
Wait times are dramatically reduced city wide. Today, averaging 5-15 min.
Congratulations to : District champs with a 8-2 win at Turner. Moves the team to 19-1-2 for the season.
Blackboard Elluminate is being cranky tonight-- way too many echoes
"Call Me Maybe" is growing on me......WHAT SOMEONE HELP
- Enjoyed it all! Just love the high-risk, dangerous maneuver of adding in the Star Wars music.
I never understood why ppl take pics of them "sleeping " when they're not actually sleeping??
Is working in Entertainment all its cracked up to be? Jeff Schulman gives the REALITY of working in a VERY tough industry...
Hey are you guys seeing video or pix of this crazy 80-YO lands plane after hubby dies in Door County?
Yo pitched three days ago instead of the guy who's going to pitch in two days.
Maybe he's in a shed somewhere. RT : Only good aspect of Craig James running for Senate -- he's not allowed to call Holiday Bowl.
I've tricked a few people into staring at them to see if they move.
Is in a dark room drinking scotch with a dog. Well actually he isn't drinking...
My mom driving my car right now....
they found a 300 yr old gravestone behind dosa guys stand whilst excavating washington sq park 2day....sweet.
I saw a bluebird, goldfinches, and cardinals today . . . I am lucky.
Voted for #LPC national exec positions. Now to wait for the results.
I got mi mama crackin the fuck UP! Lol
im finna be dat rapper in them movies too
Join , & as CNN covers Whitney Houston's funeral live at 11amET Saturday.
YES! YES! YES! YES!
soon we will be getting sick of memes before they even begin
my fav said unfortunately there are some who THINK they are better than OTHERS but they clearly ARENT cause all they get is DMS
it's okay! I gotcha! I'd be mad if I was working with joe.
RT : Less than 24 hours before the first free practice session of the 2012 season!
Flower foods should not be diluted with more water than is specified on the packet.
Happy Saturday!
thanks for following!
My #D-Lux Messenger Bag also made its first road trip to Pennsylvania and enjoyed the view of the lake.
Thanks for the follow have a great Friday!
Is everyone but me having sushi right now?
thanks. that was really f'ed up of him...
#ActorsAccess is hilarious. Spend a fortune to upload your reel, then have to pay per submission for casting to see it.
only the greatest game in the world. Modern warfare 3
hey, I just sent you a DM :)
m... sounds like good coffee.
I gotta pee, but i'm too cozy and lazy to get up and go
TAYLOR SWIFT CONCERT SOON
Wow would i be mad if i was a Giants fan
cool story bro
It will really make your iPhone feel small. LOL!!
Hate when I serve myself a bowl of cereal, but when I look in the fridge for milk, theres none. #FAIL -_-
TechStars' tells startup founders - don't give up. Redo, rehash & reapply.
us single ladies like knowing it's still possible! Tee hee :-)
Thx for the mention.
thank u 4 following and hello from SoCal.
: It aint Thug Life! It's #PlugLife now. Let the people know!
: Timeline for war is essential for responsible end in
Welcome to #ASCRS. See the all new, all-in-one Ocular Response Analyzer at booth 1211.
Happy Greek Easter!!
Celebrate the publication of THE ANGRY BUDDHIST with Tonight 7:30pm! Special Guests!
Covering the Milwaukee mayoral race tonight. Newcomer McDonald taking on Barrett.
don't know but he sure the hell wasn't in Indiana for the first half
is very delicious <3
Thanks for support everyone. We pitched, got some useful feedback, and are now working on next steps. Stay tuned.
Adult heartworms can live within the heart & lungs of dogs for 5-7 years. See your Vet today!
you should make a speacial apperance at the concert in seattle. ^-^
Really! You are asking me that at 11 o'clock we've been in the same room before & you've never asked why now, why today!?!?
- As will all of the middle-class and poor Americans that make the mistake of voting Republican.
is your pool open!?!
Bout time ugly man.
cause I was with mom dukes and my niece getting her some shit for like a play for her school or some shit
Aw you don't know how happy that makes me!! Your voice sounds more beautifuler! <3
Mind your manners.
Last year, finals made me puke. Round 2?
I believe it's Four Loko buddy
Some girls are only meant to be hoes Smh
don't know if you ignored or haven't gotten to my email yet but I hope you get time to take a look. It can't hurt!
Trimmed my own bangs today and they look OK. In other news, I really shouldn't make a habit of drinking while dinner is in the oven.
Most of the time when people make fun of me when im out idc, but once in a while i feel like kickin some teeth
Young adulthood has rather nonspecific boundaries, but its beginning is marked by the end of adolescence, ...
You really are.
San Diego - Comic Con tonight!
Was told today I hadn't tweeted in awhile. So.... HELLO!! Give me a shout today if you had a great Thanksgiving! :)
Sure it is! Just have to realize...some of us (yeah, you) just live on different schedules than everyone else. :)
White makes my bum look big ? No , I don't think so . . .
Excited about a story I'm working on.
Wow! Wrote 5 offers on 5 prop in the past week for 4 different buyers. As rental rates rise, renters see that it's cheaper to buy!
it's beautiful down here in San Ysidro. Doing the same thing!
Should have looked outside before I left my House with Flip Flops Onn :/
Drinking coffee again, just wnet to Starbucks
Yoshis 3 days GO NOW Puerto Rican All-Stars w/Alfredo De La Fe+Ritchie Flores. LP recorded Alfredo in 80s...Get the CD at www.lpmusic.com
Glad I decided not to go to the #Pirates game tonight. Only thing worse than the Pirates would be watching them in cold rain.
I'd totally do it! Hate heights, but love the thrill.
i'm happy i didn't get this gig,only pays 1125.00 i can go to another gig which pays $3000.00.
Wishing I was in New York seeing Liu Bolin tonight
Dear M&T Bank, I hate you and would transfer all my money to another bank if I weren't so lazy. You win this round. Hatefully yours, Greg
Resend: coworker made a comment about 'the glamorous life,' now I have the Sheena E song stuck in my head. QUITE the jam back in the day
o-O Sometimes, I get a good feeling .. Yeah!
If I buy an Xbox360 or PS3 to play Deus Ex Human Revolution & write about it, can I write it off on my taxes?
the real motto: I'm not lazy i just prefer sleeping
Thanks to Anna DeLoi (harp) and Nash Ryder (violin) for their lovely performance of my music.
Go Girl!
It's a beautiful day in Texas!!!
#IWishYouKnew that I freaking hate you
dont be i always try to fight the feeling but i gtg now i have some basketball to do in a bit
Had fun at except that their happy hour specials somehow don't apply in the back
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna ...........
Out of nowhere , but I miss them
We must extend forgiveness and not allow our past actions to cloud our current attitudes.
Big shout out to my parents for ditching me like always
Later tweet peeps.
are you guys at supperclub tomorrow? :-)
enjoy your dinner tonight at Of course I want to hear how it is!
"I find the greatest thing in this world, not so much where we stand...we must sail,...not live at anchor". Oliver Wendell
nice! RT : hot the beach near Moss Landing. Gorgeous day! Hot enough to actually do some bodysurfing.
Good morning, enjoy your day!!!!!
Love you all and the show.
Teacher Tuesday! Teachers past or present get happy hour all night long! Wine tasting all day w/ plenty of great wines by the glass!
United's flight out of BR was cancelled yesterday afternoon so things are a little messed up. You might want to hold off.
AND OMFG I JUST CAN'T EVEN
Shit talking the people in tthe car next to you THEN realizing the window is open ...
124 days, three hours.
that was good!
So who is still in B-Town?
RoFo has the best Motown mix going on right now.
Chalupas should be awarded at 70 points for thr rest of the season
Food babies make me a less lonely single puppy momma.
Jokes tonight at for the show. 9pm. Bear hugs & high-fives to follow
I can't make fun of her any more. She blocked me.
In 2010 when the iPad came out, people viewed them as content consumption and "yuppie" tools. Now, they are bought for employees....
like it, but "shave on weekends"?? C'mon now- that's extreme
RT : Besides benefitting from fresh produce, #gardening is great for your health by reducing stress & anxiety!
May 15th @ 8pm will host it's night of readings @ The Cherry Lane Theatre!! Reservations:
LOLOLOLOL ya I like that
"Dear Ole Morehouse. Dear Ole Morehouse. It's in our hands." - Eddie Glade '89
i' ve been wanting to read jim shepard's new collection but have been too cheap to buy hardcover. Loved last book.
Workout flow then my beautiful baby boy is coming over. Miss him!
When a really attractive college guy drives you home from the rained out game...
I feel like this bishop drew the short straw.
Will Kelly Monaco be there? If so, then YES!!!
I dont understand what your fucking problem is but you have been really fucking bitchy lately and I DON'T LIKE IT.
can you be both fiscally conservative and socially liberal?
Had the weirdest, most bizarre, truly frightening dreams last night. There was an octopus sucking my blood out of an engorged blue vein...
Worst call ever!!!!
Seriously? More dropped passes??
thanks for soda.
University of Rochester or Tulane :)
good luck!
This Sat, Dec 3rd, 9a-7p! Kick off the Holiday Season w/ discounts, yummy food samplers, live music, carolers and more!!
What's up? Long time know here from. Have a good night.
Wrapping Christmas gifts and watching Christmas movies with my sister! Yay
We are finally up and running!!! Check us out to find everything Neal Morse, Transatlantic and many other artists.
Took a blow dryer to my head this morning, which I rarely do. I'm surprised by how much hair there is on this head of mine.
I can't believe how humid it is today! Feels 95, not 75. I do not miss Florida.
it's all ball
on the end of that track >> lmao
it's Glover's best performance. If I taught a film class w/ a focus on directing actors, i'd make that film required viewing
All CSPAN right?
Going to #ncvs ? Check out our panel on MICRO-VOLUNTEERING! How innovation can give your skills-based volunteering program a new kinda mojo.
Bank of England Keeps Rates at 0.5%, Leaves Asset Purchase Target Unchanged.
Can't wait for st.pattys day
Lmao... Ikr; but I just can't see my life being wrk and sleep.... Ill sleep enough when I'm gone.
i did
Getting into the 3/4 stuff....so much finger flaunting xD
Ryan Dumville is on the John Edwards case today and tomorrow!
Can you send a few morwe tweets
I miss watching perform on #idol, and almost fainting whenever he looked into the camera like he was looking into my soul...
until further notice, if i don't respond, it's bc i'm asleep. if that seems unlikely, just go with it.
No problem sending out the post. Great organization - I admire what you guys do.
damn ok
From Monday to Wednesday, TV really, really sucks.
what are you talking about? O.o
You never know...a whole new conference. #Louisville could run right through them :)
Okay : Damn didn't know this man people didn't want me in #NY might just get what you asking for! #sorrykidz
#howudropit should not be like a bar of soap in prison.
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books (and articles and blog posts) in Aspen! I'll help.
#poem Alate means having wings. No help to my writing career. Im no angel. So for me: better never than alate.
Sometimes, when walking my dog, the carrot IS a stick.
Slight weapons malfunction.
" Can't wait to memorial weekend "
I agree totally on KJ & the city's side on this. They should build a PNC sized ballpark if San Jose falls thru for the A's.
Yeah no shit. that's why i said i was okay with it. jesus christ kid. bet you've been waiting all week for me to say something
ME TO
Really just bought "Follow You" on iTunes. Only wish my bestie would've told me. Oh well.
it's so annoying .
The Judge that came in to give a "pep talk" is a real downer.
Pamela Smart: The Menil Collection as a space where "poetry could prevail over pedagogy."
Just got done with the meeting Bout to do work!
Q: What's the definition of macho? A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
its hard to say goodbye when you know its the end
I always have headaches
Maybe not top 10 but a great prospect
Just showed 2 eleven year olds tub girl
Mortgage markets are up despite Retail Sales data. Rate and fees may improve.
Trying to figure out something new to do with my hair.
awesome life decision.
sounds like a plan
why?, because you have to authorize the one that surrenders e mails to give them up as well or you will have no e mail in neither site.
Big Ben had a better rookie season...
k! I sent it to ya
Official "Fornication" video release: May 13th IX
Try the Peanut Butter Burger at Scotty's
Time for Crybaby to go home, boohoohoo
You're my sweetest dream come true. <3
Nice to meet you , and Thanks for following!
thanks bro...really would love to get some exposure...what can u suggest?
"Art is either plagiarism or revolution."[Paul Gaugin]
It's so early I'm so tired I must be stupid
Who's drinking milk, eating cookies, and reading #AGameOfThrones before bed? That's right...THIS GUY!
lol how shocked were you when totally pranked y'all on stage in ATL. That was the best
From working out?
Should I be embarrassed that I actually enjoy watching Aurthor??
I did not, but we have Tons of Polaroids in the archives!
Good investors look beyond that foolishness. Of course good AG's don't file civil suits frivilously either
Treat people as you would like to be treated ....yeah, it's that simple!
you would have brought down the average age of the audience significantly :-)
tears come easily with a broken heart and its not that mines is broken at all it's just torn in two half for me and half for u :( </3
If u give me a shoutout I will send ur name to Justin, Austin, Cody, Ryan, Alex and Robert BUT U MUST B FOLLOWING ME <333 :D
Listening to Avenged sevenfold's songs my life seems wonderful!!!! hahaha=D
Miss my boo
Thank goodness for our GSA! MT Every dept. needs a forum to deal w/ grad students' concerns about Ph.D. programs chroni.cl/u9edhW
's boss just left work. No point of staying too! I'm out!
Wait till yall hear YGeeDot beat jack Another Round!
perhaps. shoot me an email at kristineide at gmail dot com.
Yes...Mint Oreos! I forgot all about those!
I just ordered a Large Pizza and 20 Medium Wings. If you were getting 20 wings, what sauce would you order?
What's the app for android phones to upload videos to fb??
That moment when your like ewwie .-.
Anyone worried about him wasn't using their head! Filthy stuff is right!
This game shows you just how bad the Cubs are.
Icant wait til dat woman beater go to jail
I got an email saying you had favourited a tweet and I KNEW it would be that one.
This trend of reporters interviewing other reporters as experts is just silly to me. Hey you have a reconizable face, talk a lot - pundit?
when they say "Latinos" do you think they meant Ninja Turtles? Are the Ninja Turtles Latino??
FINALLY...we acknowledge that our brothers and sisters are worse off then any other race or ethnicity.
- Signed you up for access #INGDirect account - look for email and follow steps. Look for 2nd email from me explaining why.
nice keep up the longtoss strengthen the arm and if you everneed to pitch to a hitter let me know trying to get cuts vs that curve
Okay, does anyone know when Battleship premieres in the U.S.?
2 recorders is the way to go! also, sorry, that sucks.
Facebook launches video chat (partner with Skype). How will that affect education?
Makes sense, will check out your work. Last bit on proprioception was esp interesting; I think a lot about capturing physicality.
Johnnys pizza is to NFL Sunday as peanut butter is to___________
ABC was like we gave three black protagonists you better deal with this black villain lol.
Is fringe back? Cuz if so...I call bullshit...I lived through that nightmare already.
My mom complains cause she says I drive like a "gangster"
LOOK OUT #SanAntonio.. Here come the #CLIPPERS!! RT : Clippers up 80-71 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
Feels re-connected. Lets do this!
anyone else's leftover jambalaya taste like victory? ours does
Strange Law of the Day: In Connecticut, you can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles per hour.
Damn it! I missed Mad Men yesterday. Is it on AMC's website?
Lyceum students attend youth forum on travel
So let me hear them Tweeple. New Years resolutions?
whats that on his leg?
reading your TS is like watching a kitten bat around a ball of string. You make it look easy keep up the good work!
Go with it, fuck with their minds about the true intention
Word... That's strange!! I will have to check it out : it's a TV show on TLC
"I've been a moonshiner for many long years. spent all of my money on whiskey & beer. I go down to some hollow and set up my still and...
problem is lack of posters as legit presentation in humanities--?
I love you!
Can't we just get the SB fkng over with?? ~signed GB fan, married to Giants fan, living in Pats country.
Forgot how much I loved watching "The Cosby Show" 
makin a new beat, i love music
EMS GRIND BOLD flavor is Black and Tan.
Follow Me Please #100 :D
She could be on the other side of the fence
What goes on with Internet speeds in Kansas City (locals need to know)?
Yea I got on my green...BOSS GREEN!!! Happy St Pattys day everybody!!
i'm not that bad. Jajajaja
Moses, thanks for following!
Trae the truth"dueces&treys"on repeat
Daily Special, Tue 04/17/12 - Thick-cut pork chop w/ mashed potatoes and gravy, dressing, green beens, & bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
What makes me really laugh is how most of the #ArianaFact things talk about her feet. xD
BINKY AND JAMIE NEED TO GO OUT ALREADY. Asdfgjkl
I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions.
started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
I forget that I have a hookah quite often! I'm down to have a little kickback sometime
I will be there.
Painting Tops Spring Home Improvement Wish Lists
awk, i always thought he was ugly lolol.
Merry XMas Everyone!
I've seen New Moon 2 times!
I LOVE YOU!
Love to see all your fans connecting with you on here!!
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." [Bill Cosby]
Its Wednesday :)! That means I have late start and early release at school today! But I'm stating to finish a test. But I'm gonee :)!
Speak up to set the record straight, but give your fans a chance to do so first
RT : Haven't been to a THATCAMP yet; planning to attend (with and others) and with dLOC!
now I know what your new name is !! It's not BestArianator anymore !
Count Arthur Strong: 'Just a bonkers old bloke': Count Arthur Strong has been attacked for being politically inc..
Celebrating the life of a Princess to Queen Whitney Houston. I celebrate her victories, a mom,her powerful love for one man, and her gift!
HAAHHAHAH why am I naked
you may want to know that Scott Walker, WI Governor, is using Small Town as his intro music...
Welcome as the newest Educare school on Twitter. Follow them for updates on the first Educare built in a suburban community.
Happy hour today, old town?
73 degrees right now :) feels good
What would you do? If the spot lite was on you? Nothing to prove..but you love what you do so much! It feels like nothing to you!
Silly is you in a natural state, and serious is something you have to do until you can get silly again. Mike Meyers
Obviously I was gonna be stressed out and upset, and I didn't mean to take it out on you.
Loyal Girls Are So Hard To Find These Days
Happy Thanksgiving !!
this stuff is crazy! R u watching this mess? What u been up to?
Go Yanks! Couldn't sit in BAL in 50 degrees on a Tuesday...its all Yankee fans though
money on my mind
: had a great time tonite as usual!!! #Cheers where everybody knows your name appreciate you.
We're friends, You laugh, I laugh, You cry, I cry, You jump off a bridge, I jump into a boat and save your retarded ass.
absolutely not. But I can't tune in today, so feel free to give me an update on who this crazy person is
just requested a meeting with the Mayor to talk about events for a Haiti Heritage Week or Month. Wish us luck!
Glad #RonnieHillman got picked up, but not by division rivals!
Having a bomb ass day :) hope after school is even badded! >:D
: Ahh so hype ma cuzn finally here yea
What version of TweetDeck are you running?
Is there like a Black Lesbian party going on in SoBe? LOL.
will you please follow me? I'm from Dallas too (:
You too!
You can be right, or you can be happy. You'll learn this one day, Grasshopper. - happy in Virginia!
My baby sister is funny aza bxtch, she rollin eva where, im pretty sure she gone hit d floor n 2.3 seconds and ima b weak af lls XD
ok lol will do :p
Wow, thats good to hear! Are you going to Maker Faire?
Yay Sophie won #survivor!!! Girl power!!
No. RT Do you let your #kids drink soda?
Nice to meet you too! Want to know when we reveal it all? Please sing up www.sofiafellini.com
It is amazing and you rocked on the casting.
And is awesome. I totally want to direct it.
-_- I'm firing this grill up tho. Soon as I get home
got out of school early today(:
haha very well put
I didn't make a sandwich. that's why I'm never making one again.
So excited to see nancy from at this fab event!
Wackass Lakers hahahahhahahaha would be goin crazy right now just like the rest of u LA fans
"but there's no hard evidence"
Sweet! RT Made some Cupcake soaps..Blackberry Bling & Anjou Pear Blossom!!!! The store smells AWESOME..Ready for...
Why do they get a "special" place? That's sexist.
#theview is discussing banning of 50 Shades of Gray. They say it was banned by #librarians. I don't think so!
Agree it was #mistake? Or that you never leave #j202? If former, why?
Question why would Olivia say u was wrong When Yandy kept startin sh!t? Dancin, runin her mouth? Not doin her job
I've grown to understand and embrace my moments of indecisiveness. I tell people I'm being very Pisces right now.
That would be amazing! We will definitely be keeping in touch. <3
I try to be in the room to ask uncomfortable questions when that is the agenda... but this, this is something else.
Just seen Anjoli, she's still fine even with her kid
Hi ME thx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
well, that was an immediate confirmation. it wasn't him. RIP to the other dude.
At the moment, Pliny the Elder. But, tonight I am hoping for a big spicy red.
i love ICONic Boyz and they defiantly deserve to win but IaME was...... ok?
damn you out of luck fam..I am gone hook it up though lol
Inaugural Earth Day festival at the JCC in #Indy was great! Fun and educational. Now know about garlic mustard and other invasive plants.
Cintolo emphasized that Roller couldn't identify source of funds from Topazio to #Dimasi. She counters: Topazio said he used Cognos funds.
Repeated several times today: Students belong at the table. Pitching a grant or a policymaker is more effective w/a student.
Join Chabad of GA for 3rd annual Soul Trip to Jewish NY, 9/21 - visit Jewish neighborhoods, eat Kosher, Shop. www.tinyurl.com/soultrip2011
... is my husband, I'm already following him don't worry ;)
well said damn iPad
yeah. That's an extreme example. How about tattoos? There are plenty of cross tattoos. People just get to pick that it's fine, but
I destroy computers like a pro...
This Song Is Called<3
Watching the girls progressively undermine imposed game of scrabble tonight was like watching ants take over a picnic & steal all the food
finna knock out, night world
311 for storm related debris removal.
No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Awesome night. See ya tomorrow #rethinkmusic Can't wait for some more awesome speakers!
Twinkie and Chevy co-brand add in yoo-hoo and you have
Ah - poetic license :-)
Never have been affected by allergies before... Now they decide to bother me 
At Startup grind meetup with
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life. Jean Paul
Good for you , I hope this makes up for the past!
Haha. Good point....
HER: "Why would I be making money for a Company when I need to work for myself?" ME: "It's like a Pimp" HER: "Everything's like a Pimp" LOL
Transcription of testimony regarding malicious destruction of someone's church pew ca. 1725
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
ha. i was probably wrong.
ha I use Benadryl for insomnia sometimes it works too well 
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
#60Minutes - Leslie Stahl - horrible interview with the Massad Agent.
  If your weave doesn't move with you , take it out
Frances Arnold: safe sex with molecules
Life should never have an intermission- download- InSpotter mobile app
Ooh, good timing on this review. I was just thinking of giving that book a try.
I think Wacko and Dot are missing Yako, they have been noisey all morning. Poor Yako died yesterday, down to 2 toads in the house :-(
Good morning. It's Friday. Any big plans for the weekend?
If you are too busy eating at our restaurant tonight and miss "Check, Please!" Fear NOT! Encore: Saturday 4:30pm and Sunday at noon..
Bitch move seriously fucking old people I swear
Let's get faded 
Superior Plus Corp. Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydrochloric Acid Capacity
Heading to Evansville early in the morning for film audition- then on to KY to meet some of my girlfriends family- oh boy!
This is a terrible time to be a control freak  Hillary Clinton, U.S. Secretary of State
you taught me great things over the years, like not to hot glue feathers to my fingernails anymore
Rise Against & A Day To Remember concert @ the UCF Arena!! :D <3
there is still space left in the current class!! where did you hear it was full???
oh well
Tuesday Travel: Turnberry Isle Miami Triathlete Program
thx for link - we're actually open/seeking to develop a variety of tools (e.g. ) for version control of open leg. & more.
Check Out my live Radio Sessions Out today(5.30.11) Go to www.djjonchris.com , and take a listen. Your neighbors will love it!
Thanks for the follow!!
yes yes why don't we?
: You can't break me.
your welcome! & thank you so much! =D
just sent you a friend request.
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Irish Trivia Question of the Day: What year was Ireland first represented at the Winter Olympics?
#dhtrial see ya Monday at the courthouse again.
Bring the kids in costume to any Colorado Applebees on Sunday (10/31) and the little ghosts & goblins will eat for just 99!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet.
Studying abroad this summer or fall? We're looking for bloggers! If you're interested, please let us know!
EI Cuts are draconian. Could it be that our NYS Executive Chamber simply doesn't like children with devtal disabilities. What do you think?
Nope. I'm afraid not, but I will only be a HeyTell away.
FIGHT NIGHT!! Let's go Miller!!
It's good to encourage your lil sister to cut class for #NYG parade but even better to convince your mom to skip work
More artists' resources coming soon... Taking a short break from the interwebs. @ us if we missed your event/news/info!
I'm all jealous of all these people tweeting about their relationships. -.-
#Bucks are on the rise and my #bracket is about to start its decline.
feels like a Monday.
how was it? Did u go? Text me. Yes Irish pub was a blast.:-)
dude is it safe for me to go home
Afternoon guys! Who can guys what song I am loving right now?!?! Maybe or ?
nd yea, forreal niqka. nd yea i got a job but i wanna get another one
yeah, so I'm going to have to get off of here in a minute so my gospel tracks can get my undivided...but 1st, just wanna break down Psalm 23
Its  and  n im off work :) Okc vs Laker game today. I wanna see how okc looks in this series.
I got blocked because of my comment. What a joke. Truth hurts bitch.
soo how do you think you know me? xD
I think everyone hopes for the best but expects the worst.
I missed it!! :( but I'll still call you(:
Going on a trip... Who's coming with me?
Lol reminds me of myself always have something to say.
totally! Absolutely! Of course!
didn't realize the uk d-line was that thin at the 2 deep.
Join us tonight from 6:30-11 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure event.
Ukraine is game to you?
plz let it b me...lol
": Dear God : Today I wokn up .. I am healthy .. I am alive .. " THANK YOU ".. Your love will never go unnoticed ." Deff
It was one of the stranger realizations I've had in life. Happened a few months after she dumped my via text.
pace definitely slogs around then, but I don't think it ruins it. I had a good time with the movie.
DIE, ANTS! DIE!! <maniacal laughter> (we just set out a bunch of ant poison)
$22 For a sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil ($45 Value) leaves you feeling so fresh and so clean!
Sex In The Shower, Call That Bath & Body Works! ;))
Hope you survived your flight home. It was great to see you this weekend!! Good times :)
I am thankful for my family, my friends and for being a COUG!
Leaving for our USF campus in Crown Point to celebrate in the pinning ceremony of our new nurses there.Congrats to our CP graduating nurses!
"Picking just one athlete doesn't work. You need athletes that span across multiple sports to have an impact." Tony Pace (SUBWAY)
Article pages coming soon on AnatomyNow.com! We want to know what you would like to read about. Tweet a reply. Medicine news? Tips? Stories?
Any update on restoration of service in Baltimore City? Thanks!
This girl? No way. ;) Delayed gratitude tweet... :)
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Daytime curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles. No #curfews!
Are you taking a good multivitamin? Kipp, Sydney & I haven't been sick in over 3 yrs! Would love to help.
s punk'd is the best
Wishing a very happy birthday! I LUHHH Dat bishhh. Going HAM right now!
Some "grown" ass women/men can become petty if they feel threatened by you ---> Keep up the good work.
I have been trying to find/buy a statue of the virgin Mary, but the a-holes in these parts buy whatever ones we put out immediately. Ugh.
The Lorax was really good! :)
Carl Jung warned about the danger of "one-sidedness." How true for #leaders in organizations and in their personal lives as well!
well you are a godmother ;) very cute!!
Happy Hump Day! is at the Castle this morning for some awesome training with our associates.
The only reason #ozzie was suspended is so the Marlins don't lose fans. It was the right move but it need not be taken further.
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
no way! Awesome. Which night? ( I haven't looked at program yet. )
At an amazing history event by feat. DB Cooper, #kickass historians, burlesque, & bands-- love closer Oh Darling. Kick ass!
have any dubs for me to do?
That was the fastest hour of my life, it almost went by like it was one minute
dinner is much more romantic so im gunna have to go with madison
Lost and insecure.
YOUR A DORK.
I feel like reading .
no worries! Sent :)
I actually like seeing those shots. I sometimes get a sense of the artist's workspace which is interesting.
In Partibus Infidelium => In parts inhabited by unbelievers
Parades are in November, Museums are in February!
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Dnt come at me wit no wack as lines come at me rite im a lady an deserve tha best
An inordinate passion for pleasure is the secret of remaining young ~ Oscar Wilde
you make me crazier.
little black dress with fishnet and eyepatch
Who is going to pitch for washington nationals on July 8 vs the Colorado Rockies ?
oh.... ur not following me soo i cant follow you back......
Just listened to the latest podcast and was hands down the best thing I have listened to in awhile. Loved the conversation.
If yall don't know bout the Russian Baths you better ask somebody and find out!
Watching to kill a mockingbird <3
I wasn't liking it! I put on a hat!
Shouldn't have stayed outside that long
I CANNOT WAIT FOR #SaySomething <3
Large japanese salamanders NoT HOt
Thank you for following guys! Hope to get around to tweeting you all. If I missed ya don't be afraid to strike up a convo. I love to learn.
oh my goodness! I hope God brings you some comfort during such a sad time. I am so sorry that you are hurting!
yikes - I feel for you
I am also watching the Sun Devils basketball game.
Does anyone know of a kid friendly restaurant that would like to have a clown come and do balloons for free??
A good day! Had fun discussing reading & writing with 2 different, talented women writers & tomorrow is SLANT OF LIGHT event.
what ever happened to thieves like us?
And just like that, the Eurotrip is over. Now, I need to play Internet and life catch up from the past 15 days...
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. -John F. Kennedy
Adding 2 to-do list ... take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out. thanks
wow shouldn't have been fired!!
I DIDNT REALIZE WAS FOLLOWING ME THIS MADE MY WHOLE LIFE OMFG FLIPPING AND HAPPY YAYYYYY!!!!! :D
Great day... looking forward to tomorrow... www.youthcanlead.com
I have office space that u can rent for meetings, photography, scene work, etc. We are very affordable and we are centrally located in Hwood
4 second.s....skins win. With a 56 yard pass to santana!!!!!!
TODAY IS BIEBER'S DAY BUT ALSO #BELIEBERS DAY!
#LifeLove&Music in 2 days(: yeah I'm excited!!
No, no scorpions but we've had our share of pissed off skunks this spring. LOL
...and just realized Twitter doesn't relay web addresses as you type them in!
RT : Guy who invented yoga pants, we salute you!
www.orangeshoefranchise.com is officially launched! Share with all who may be interested in franchise opportunities!
Thank you! And yes, what better way to celebrate than share some local delicacies;
Thanks. Me, too.
Sorry ass lakers RT : Niggas forget they have warm weather RT : No I just didnt see Tampa being compared to Detroit. Ol' sh
From work to parent teacher conference to rehearsal....
Many people we're hidden in the mall. M, I would say not exactly, but hey, we have a huge parking lot for you to feel comfortable.
Rock on dude!
ResearchChannel's online streaming functions are completely restored! Thanks for hanging in there during our brief outage.
I judge my work performance by how dirty I am at the end of the day
i can forget what you did but i cant forgive you as long as I'm still breathing :(((
Thanks for the advice. Can't believe you were on that flight. Scary!
Ya, got pretty drunk off the Four Loko...
Hate when people stare
Just found out that Ohio has a Canadian Goose hunting season. Anyone want to guess what will be served for Christmas dinner this year?
My mom may go with me she loves it there more than here too she is really thinking about it now lol
idk yet its making me mad
sorry bud.
": Writing about privilege and my first and only encounter with Bobby Seale." Bobby Seale??!! Hope you're blogging it
yeah she's probably a cunt
Just got up. Needed that after 4 days in Vegas then going straight to Supperclub for work!
good job, swami!
How can that be I'm pretty sure that's my new house.
THANKS! : Congratulations to on their 50th anniversary! #ROC
ahh forgot one,wasn't a crush though but
lol oh okay well thanks for puttin me on now i kno
WooHooo! Can't wait. :)
edc looks sick wish i was going
We will be serving our beer there. Cannot wait. Come up and say hey.
THEY BETTER WIN TONIGHT OR ILL BE MAD JUST Alittle
First 7 days of this month with great business success!!!!!!!
Got a video yanked off utube before I even uploaded it.
Ppl hate to see u happy.. lol I'm an ass .. I'll smile & Wave at yo stupid ass! Lol
Ppl thing the playoffs r like a reg season game. Totally different it's we're u separate the men from boys.
A guy just said I seem "kind of accident prone." I have to stop telling the iPhone and wine glass story all in the same night.
RT A #Taurus girlfriend will always be faithful.
I don't see an issue. Go Cards! You doing good?
Barry Finnegan is JOHNNY UTAH!!!!!
Sign up for This is not a book club: Mystery Edition at the Main Library on April 17th at 4pm. Pre register online or at 282-4607. Ages 8-11
I got 8,653,960 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. c:
That awkward moment when someone retweets you and you smile (:
Just too bad he didn't keep his $AAPL stock instead RT Steve Wozniak says he'll buy Facebook stock regardless of the price
Adam and I worked together on it and still didn't finish them
Cool Lakers 4 games in 6 days haven't check Clippers schedule thinking Tuesday or Friday. Will follow up.
Take out at four, gifts from Dollar store & fly market at five, cheap wine at six, asleep by seven. Do my parents now romance or what.
Gonna go MIA this summer.
its ok haha
Skinny girls look good in clothes.. FIT GIRLS LOOK GOOD NAKED!
Happy one-year GSA anniversary to ! Expecting even greater things in 2012! (no pressure tho...)
Homeward bound
John Trent in makeup for today's shoot of
I love how you love Austin to(:
I woke up at like five in the morning and Gotta Kick It Up was on.
Thanks for the RT! Really appreciate it. :)
You got it! Let me know if you need a recommendation. That's what I do!
Yes, bday party was great! Kindergarten boys are so funny and cute.
RT : I would love a good night call *hint hint*(;
"One more time I was pickin my nose" lol
DM me to number
That game was boring, the commercials sucked and I've never been so full in my life
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm pretty sure cops hate that too... :P
Thats how ur r suppose 2 sound when at the country club r having tea w/the queen. Do it all the time
Follow to know what's going on in #Baltimore as its happening
Hate the new bobby.
There is a kid dressed as Jack Sparrow at the baseball game. Make-up and everything. His parents are doing it right.
No, I'm wearing a simple Skaagen. My wrists are so thin, you just can't see it because it's under the shirt.
send in the essay! DO IT!
i trust my weiner to point me in the right directions. :D jkjk
Think about every application of your brand - what looks great on letterhead may not translate well to billboards.
time to make the donuts
According to new update on "Today's conservative target date for the forums to come back is May 12th."
Im reading your book right now its pretty awsome.
Working on your fervor - the deepest longings of your whole being - is what the Universe is wanting for you to do.
Thanks for the Battlestar Advice. Giving it 2-3 more chances.
Thanks ! Check out our Facebook page and like us so we can keep you updated :)
How about unbirthdays? ;)
Just saw #21jumpstreet and it has to be the best movie ever hands down! Loved it
sadly, so did I... in 6th grade! Damn! I'm old...
My heart could burst
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. - Elbert Hubbard
I hate waking up to check my wallet and see my money missing.. great.
we're happy to keep you company!
It was cool on the town , my city (Memphis) got some of the baddest females.
Amen, never heard douche canoe before, but it is going into my arsenal of insults
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
I just cancelled my facebook adverts, ... I'm going in another direction.
CONGRATS TO AND to winning the Brit award for british single! :) <3
I know Baylor v Xavier, isn't a dream game, but way to many empty seats.
#FF your mother.
HELP,,,,,,,, What shall the URL name of my business page be??
#MMchat Companies are recognizing power of the 'employee brand' and employee voice
Lets tightened up heat protect home court
Srsly!! RT If this weather would just stop being so dang beautiful it would be easier to sit in my office & accomplish things
68!! that is amazing!
Harold Stop !
 I hate hypocrites
Thank ya, kindly :)
Biggest difference between LeBron this year and last is that he's driving to basket & posting up. Not settling for jumpers.
grow the fuck up.
I still can't believe we have a megaphone at work. lol *yells at people*
you would be nothing without my subliminal motivation...
They were adorable
Top three commercials so far. Go.
doesn't quite know how he feels about "The Five-Year Engagement," but you'd never guess it reading his review....
#ThingsIReallyCantStand.. everyone within 100 ft of me.
Ur comments r typical Lib BS. If U can't debate issues U have 2 attack person. U & ur ilk r whats wrong in USA.
It's a great path - gorgeous view of the snowy mountains today with the super clear skies.
Lightening struck my Comcast box so no tv. Gotta find somewhere to watch these games
it's fine, aha (: thanks! You'll probably get emailed tomorrow!
what did ya do? ;)
I'll try to wake you! That's usually when I fall asleep these days 
Heading to Moab tomorrow. Has anyone driven I70 through Glenwood this week? How was it?
Can't let this happen!
If y'all need a muse, I think I'd make an excellent one.
Espy? Where's your competitive spirit?
What'd you get? ;)
:) u make me smile ...lol u goin in on Trey huh?? I feel that *grabs headphones*
I woke up wanting chocolate chip cookies... what the hell is wrong with me?
This is awesome! Thanks!!
Was just thinking the same thing. Need to crank the AC up again.
You are truly beautiful. I never met you but I believe that you are that beautiful on the inside too. #YourNumberOneFan ILY 
yes. I told her it is one of our favorite comics we've ever read. I bought the next one in the series. She broke up with the guy
funny how one person can make everything so different.
Realizing it is Monday morning, blah
how's the ballgame lookin?
$2 Bartenders choice Craft Beer Bottles, $3 Miller/Coors bottles, $1 any mini burgers? Must be Thursday!
Spent some time at a food bank distribution site in San Ysidro this morning. 200 people. Many arrived as early as 3:30 am for 8 am event.
U and I know I'm talking about you... The BOSS DIVA don't advertise names bitch! Lol.
Thanks Just went downstairs and heard 8pm and got a flashlight. This is taking a little longer than expected :/
Rock Bottom Brewery : Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
our wedding is the 30th (:
It is you! Hope you are well.Been a long time.
late lunch? Try our Chinese Chicken Salad ToGo! Call 214.742.3873 to order now!
I sure did have a great time , :) .
Nice! You and/or Paul want to join me at the SEC Basketball Tournament tomorrow?
Have you ever visited in Chicago ?
So now that I have an agent, can I finally know your secret identity?!? ;)
someone from Henrietta was number 5 in the draft I heard.
I don't think they died on purpose.
Are you a beast who swings a 34.5" or 35" bat? If so, and you want a free Axis Sports bat, LMK. I have a bunch - if you wanna pick one up.
Ohio Special Services Group - Proven, Tested, Trusted, contact us today!
How are the holidays treating you? Have you had any special moment?
I'm so happy to see him again
This is awesome! Thanks for sharing!!
Let's kill it tonight #GO!REDWINGS
Bummer, #LevonHelm, R.I.P. Thank you for the memories.
I'm missing this interview Austin's doing and everyone's tweeting about it. I feel left out. Someone tell me what he's saying.
Ah missing my baby
I love when that happens:)
Loving the time change!
Atlanta-Based Agency Develops Google Docs-Based Methodology To Help Businesses Streamline Their HubSpot Web Design ...
#Walker city racist, left it deeper in debt, now paying more interest | Best cared for #MKE,:by Barrett | Recall
Dear RDA enablers: There isn't a "better", "right" or "proper" way to do #redevelopment agencies. RDAs are inherently & fundamentally scams.
diggin your new avatar!
Errands to run & things to do...
Where are you rolling around to here in Lex? You should Stop by 1423 Audubon Ave and play some ball! #retweet?
Long road trip for headed to Albuquerque, NM as a 4 seed and will play Montana in the 1st round Thursday.
This weather's perfect for curling up with a good book! Any recommendations for a great rainy evening read?
Hey! You should come down to NOLA for a nice change of pace, plus Louisiana is now #1 in film productions :) Happy Holidays!
Launched new Storyopolis Entertainment web site.
Is it Monday yet?
G.M.N.I.: But I digress. My apologies. Live by the S.M.I.L.E., Die by the S.M.I.L.E. Depth before dishonor.
Funny sign in business (employee engagement humor). "The beatings will continue until morale improves"
Festival de Fiesta Broadway is the largest Cinco de Mayo event in the world & it's held in our hometown of LA. Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
the girl dat backstas me like to be someone shes not she dead better not play her self cus Im guna end up punching her so hard she would fly
#youwerecooluntil you hated on
Good luck today!
I also HATE this picture I have right now -___-
r.i.p. macho man randy savage... :(
my dream conference's theme would be "STEP UP"--how to make impact & take charge. allow people to own their strength & take action
We got a couple of things planned. Thanks! Busy happy day!!!
Are you defending today? Good luck!
Indeed. Thanks for the follow. :)
Audrey Hillyer is on the struggle bus today haha
Okay, it was Tina. ": Junk sighting already out of the way! #TCAF
REBEL fashion show tonight at ! REBEL will be giving away some pieces from the new line! Get there early supplies are limited.
That means Peter Batty can step up!! ;-)
I do not fear death simply because I think it's a transition. Our souls can't be destroyed. I realize we are going to live in another life.
Excellence comes about as a result of habit. Have a great day everyone!
And you will try to do what you did before, pull the wool over your eyes for a week or more
It's Friday;)
Where do you put letters to boys?In a mail (male) box.
cops kicked everyone out, so people are obviously driving home drunk. stephanie didn't drink a single drop, so we are safe!
Lunch on this rainy day ...Sausage Risotto, Blackened Chicken, Baccala, Cream of Broccoli and of course brick oven za's!
I feel better... Security just informed me that if he steps foot in the lobby they are gonna fuck him up no questions asked! Haha
This sunday! Relive all of the magical moments of CMA fest right from the comfort of your own couch "Country's Night To Rock" on ABC!!!!
Everyone please follow im tryin to help him reach a million followers n he could really use ur help too.Follow & RT thanx-bri
Boston Lager
Wrote over 1,600 words this morning. Time for a little break then I'm diving back in.
Black Women hate on each other soo much ugh crabs in a barrel much
The new black panther party is a group of idiots that disgrace the legacy of the black panther movement.
vegas anytime give me a call for bottle service or guestlist @ Rehab, Vanity, LAX, Pure Wet republic 413 530 0621 VIP Marketing Host AMG
Bench press is a lot easier when you only go halfway down.
Curbside Sweets today at Kokomo City Hall 11:30-12. "Grand Red Velvet", Ger Choc, Almond Joy Cupcakes, Orange Drop Cookies, and brownies!
Going to bed crazy day but someone got me through it thanks
As long as we still have Fluery, McClouth, and Stall we will still suck.
Wow..I get to call another dept! If you move they give you 3 months free channels, but bill you for in advance after the 3 months?
let's go when Suril gets back into town
If your "shorts" don't cover any part of your leg you're wearing underwear , just FYI
Yesterday's Clean Your Files event was a great success with 40 participants and 8.5 tons of material recycled.
I love that these junior high girls are cussing up a storm and pointing and making fun of the ppl around them. #thisisourfuture ??
Actually this line, they're flattering to the rigjt physique
I left Dick Butkus in your car, just a heads up
the same lol
I got shampoo in my eye -_o
I'm tired. I say stupid shit when I'm sleepy...
you know what's real? Those fuckin' meatballs. So down next week again with the crew. #YUM lol.
RT ": The shell must break before the bird can fly."
do you know of anyone doing an analysis of the most common reasons for NPs who lost their npo status?
what if u already follow ? I do! :)
CitSci & CitHist come from museum's honest trust/curiosity: how should we open that space in art?
Officially addicted to RedBull. I can't seem to make it through the day without one (it's a nap in a can).
On from noon to 1pm Friday to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity. Tune in.
That's too detailed. RT : Official injury report: Bulaga has a knee injury. His return is questionable.
Don't borrow someone else's plan. Develop your own philosophy and it will lead you to unique places.- Jim Rohn
I want a Rolex so bad
Still at Sawgrass? I'm ready for happy hour..see you soon.
How about no?
I'm afraid to eat gluten-free foods because I might lose my natural immunity to gluten.
Congrats to the SD Girl Scouts for their successful Cool Women Luncheon! Inspirational women who give back are being honored!
Weirdest TV fight I've ever seen? RT "This is medieval." -Bert Cooper
I'm glad you've joined the club (cc )
Need any help/sponsorship for that? Wingman is like speed dating for iPhone lovers :)...
I'm in, section 218 stachetastic under the banners
Maybe is counting down the number of songs she has to finish for her album.
Doing a new play reading tonite through Three Roses Theatre Co. -- very cool script!
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1865, Hardee's Confederate forces tried to hold up the Union advance under Slocum at Averasborough, NC.
Having a convo w/ my 70 year old mom about POTUS & gay marriage. MOM: I don't know why people try to run other people's lives.
Ugh... that's too hot.
were doing the same thing you are lol
Thanks for passing it on. You're great!
Yeah that's what makes it so amazing!
Just beat at MLB on Xbox!
Arron - 180k x2 Back Squat ... the race between he and Adam is ON for the 180 x 3!
My non-twitter friend asked me if I've talked to on here yet. I started laughing. Holy Grail status remains intact!
That would be Fight Club
good to see you again :) how have you been?
We're growing our followers list. To do so we'll be un-following some of those that don't follow back. Please follow back or Adios Muchacho!
hahaha well I definitely take it as a compliment :)
Team Adam ;D
thank you! Contact us at StaySocialNY.com, and we will make sure you get the best rate.
So they found THC (Most likely from weed) in Trayvon Martin's system. Part of me could care less, but wow this case is getting interesting
I cant get u outta my head
lol bitch that hurt :(
The road to the Super Bowl: Tomorrow the first game is at 3:00. We will be packed so get here early for good seats.
At for excited to see them again!
stil going with me May 11 ? (:
Hey thanks for following us!
Think of something youve always wanted to do. Now make a plan with all the little steps that get you there. Do it by next 4th of July.
No text . no calls , nothing . But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy .
WTF? RT : Oregon had its backups on the defensive line and second-team safeties in for the start of that drive.
Hey everyone, we are happy to announce that will now be at on Saturdays!! Contact us for RSVP & Tables :)
At for another 3hrs- who's ready to make some bad decisions w/me and Krishna?!?
dam they really need to hire back Vladimir Kozlov, for WWE.
Lets chill and kick it tonight got a couple cases hmu
I'll take the fall, I reckon...
It's unreal how easily people misconstrue the things people say.
"Unconscious influences are pervasive in our lives." -David Eagleman
hahaha thats bout tha only thang you ain't lied about. I'm through wit this dude Lmao too funny
Lol family guy is funny.
School is just as important as familiy.
Then be, and stop putzing around with the mind.
The need 4 structure, routine, & control are considered positive attributes and strategies for people w/ASD. Funny: I like those 2.
I begin to taste Vancouver's sadness
RT : Antigravity Yoga! Where have you been all my life? Upside down always wins!
Other good sites for connecting Global Ed Collaborative, Skype in the Classroom
completed her food and exercise diary for 07/20/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Heading on 's Brewers Roundtable coming up at 605. Would love to have you listen in and tell me I'm wrong. Odds are pretty good
This lady at church called the children's choir RATCHET.
I know this is obviously(?!) a coincidence but FIFA president Sepp Blatter has bought a $125 million villa in Italy today!!
Haven't tweeted for a minute where's the
Also spotted in a high stakes cash game in LA this week: 3Bet pro John "The Razor" Phan sporting a 'HU4ROLLZ" shirt and a 3Bet hat!
Happy Super Bowl Sunday!!
meet & JazzyDalia & - Tom played guitar on the single I've been pushing...
Forgive us, the entire collection that we have available that is. The first 7 volumes. Vol. 8 is coming within a few months (God-willing.)
Missing Spring-area brothers found safe
Happy birthday
Cricket #3 has found its way into my bedroom. I guess I'll just have to come to peace with it.
Najae needs to come to her house in west philly so i hang with her.
When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you. I miss you!
Just because you have one, doesn't mean you have to act like one.
Terminator is ok. The robots are the best. Best Line: "I'll be back."
MizMuze is gonna mosey on over 2 the Pagoda to see Little Dragon, and then it's off to Laguna Beach with the GO Girls manana!
I honestly can't remember the last time I was completely healthy how sad is that
Do or do not. There is no try. -Yoda
Well we are experiencing a heat wave in Chicago....need to get some new heat in your #cash management program? contact me for information.
Williams Island is elegant and serene, featuring many amenities, including 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa.
Just a few more scenes of this "short" movie to go. It has truly been an adventure. Lots of great on-set stories...some might never be told!
Getting pumped to have all 17 #beertowndpdc ensemble members together in one room at one time.
Don't worry just keep wishing & one day it'll come true that's what happened to me:)
"why are you so beautiful?"
aiin't that about a bitch.
i said "usually." i know this from research and political exp. and, i've actually talked to people who hold that opinion.
Review Of Loch Ness Loot Slot Game There are big riches for you when you find the hidden treasure ...htp://24-7casinosonline.com
#commercial #callback and #pilot #audition... WOO! busy in the best way :)
Oh, Eva. I am so, so sorry.
Just fuck her like you miss her . C;
Yes. In reference to my braces... I think you can safely file that one away as a joke. If anything, I'd put diamonds put in them.
I want to eat a burrito with you tonight from beans and barley.
Thanks Rieva. About to send you my work for you :).
": Bout to tear up this Jerk Chicken" take it easy man, savor the grub lol
yay! Thx! Hope my abbreviations made sense! How old before starting? He's 4 mos 1 wk now
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
They should have done Zilker, or another venue with curated grass. Dust/dirt never mixes well with food & wine
BE WHO VALENTINES ? NOT ME !!!
I wish my hotel had a yearbook! So cute!
I feel like I'm going to see him even less then I already do .
Reminder: Meeting tonight @ 7:30. Great time to be come check it out or become a member..hint hint
SB63 stuck in rules committee, behind budget and gambling. Shame that child abuse doesn't take priority. keep hoping.
you getting your skank squad together today?
what up big bro. I think its time to get the world ready for me....
I may be BENT but not BROKEN, everything happens for a reason.
On the alameda county books!!
... That's embarrassing..
care committee...1in4CO kids didn't have a preventive dental appt. last year. Easter candy=trash!
yes. B&O looks appealing!
I wish would buy aspirin for all the hungover Georgetown men as well.
": Thanks for the RT!" You are welcome!
Signing off twitter to avoid UFC spoilers... g'nite!
Life is like a box of chocolates - full of nuts, but an occasional cherry here/there....
no kidding! I want to get a shiba and some of them have a $1500 price tag.
Price, music, purpose, people, drinks?...what makes u say yes, I'm there!?
haha good point
well the movie really never gets anywhere, everyone slowly becomes worse, and immature. and ^^
dont ask me
Taking Seneca off my reading list... RT "You must live for another if you wish to live for yourself" - Seneca
Thanks for the mascara gagey hehe . Love you; see you tomorrow <3
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 35
dont be hating! see ya tomorrow loser
Q4 When I was in my teens I worked at a charitable grocery for the elderly. Helped me learn how to deal with the public.
Whoohoo! Thanks for entering :D
This 9-5 stuff wears me out, ready to slack this weekend!
My steering wheel is like the surface of the sun.
The #FreshCoastClassic is all about connecting w/ the community.Thanks for the support & we hope everyone #voted today to make a difference.
I sent your post on Dr. Pepper using our data to Will Feltus & he has an answer to "Why." If you DM your email I can send. Tx
#finish I've finished, as soon as I locate where the beer is at on the N. Quad.
Sundays are beyond boring!
enjoyed it, thanks!
Having a blast editing pictures with !
You don't know you're beautiful.
Great solutions shared at Assembly Committee hearing on Boy&Men of Color. Now we need to invest! Follow & support
You'll understand more if you look at it with the "everything is for a reason" mentality...
SO EXCITED FOR "METALS" Ah!!! FEIST!!!! You are my hero :)
I see yet another GOP debate is scheduled for tonight. Good thing, too; I was starting to get the shakes.
I just got general admission tickets to Dave Matthews Band at Klipsch Music Center on Jun 23, 2012
chippy that ate the trees and the pool and will
I love long talks with Even if it is 2:15. I am so grateful.
Everytime I open my phone I see my boy:) Tristan Gould
looking at American Dad.
The arena is going crazy !!!
Exciting news to report about 2012!! Check back in soon for the scoop :) -Peace and long runs.
That's what my office looks like! :)
and "Jesse" <3333
RT Excited about the introduction of the Journal of Digital Humanities
|||+|+ WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I'd rather be doing pt
US Senate votes today on the President's "Buffett Tax Bill" affects only those making more than $2M/year. - JDG
At 8:00 told me he was drinking. At 9:00 he swears he saw a ghost. Must be some good liquor!
#f4f# follow for follow :) just ask please??
I will build a snowman. Make no mistake about that.
Drunk one direction is the best one direction I really don't care what you think
To lost in thoughts Listen to "Aaron" by Von Paul kalkbrenner
Ameba is on the hunt for freelance designers! Email your portfolio to if you've got what it takes!
The Steelers are razor sharp so far.
#Lunch specials this week through Friday: Dry Aged Strip Sandwich, Chicken Flautas and Lamb Burger --
Judy Wajcman: when thinking about gender & technology, we need to be both critical & open to its possibilities for transformation
Good news: my Gmail is working. Bad news: That means I got an email telling me about the people who've unfollowed me recently.
Thx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours! I love the show and I watch regularly. Keep up the good work!
Good, how're you Rach? Sorry I've been missing #MTOS lately :(
#CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n #Austin area offering #wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
oh. It's nothing. I'll be okay boo. Dont worry
About to put in some work at Boone park
Patties tweet omg.
Real tweet, Scott fell from his balcony at the shore club many floors down & by the grace of God landed on lil Wayne's balcony! Lol
The anticipation of death is far worse then death itself
Great morning... Two More Days of school left...yes!!!!!!
the only jobs the Repugniacs haven't outsourced overseas is their online troll commentator minions
Love is not a whisper or a weakness, no love is strong...singing mercy will we overcome this or have we come too far to turn it around?
haha yeah it would be!! especially playing lacrosse :P
And um I'm making #enchiladas! 
what about kitchen ants?
Haven't been on here for a while...love you all :-)
Awesome Grinch
You know it's bad when you see a 35 year old man at Renos with a teenage girl
The Banks get bailouts to fuck us again and again. Is that fair?
Im a real lucky girl ^_^
Just Woke
anytime :) Jairo and Jackie helped.
Morning TWEEPie'Kins! Breathe....belly-back & ribs...sustain....Now INTONE......Ah h....
Bomb Ass sex will have you thinking your in Love....
so jelly.
Using Flickr to Collect Images Captured on Cell Phones, great for presentations about field trips with kids picts.
An hour and a half!
prague zoo has hippos. found where i'm going to be for the next 18 days.
Telling people to get back in their cage
please come true </3
Research paper <<<
I really wanna go somewhere. 
True True!!! Oh and don't invite the weird guy who takes roofies. Bad idea.
Let the dancing begin......
#wordoftheday Jocular (adj) intended for joking; facetious. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
On pricing: $25/mo pricing level will be available soon. Hopefully that will open things up for more clients.
Woohoo 2012 here we come ;) I hope.its a.better year! Ball going.down happy.new year
When tweets starting getting a lil nasty....you have now entered the "DM Zone" lmao ain't nobody stupid
Thanks for the follow!
yes true :) well, I think I won't need maths then, lol
#808Pride girls if a man ever puts his hands on u and there is a knife next to u ....god gave u hands but them to work
Always welcome!
Dear #Uverse, thank you for not showing up to my service appointment today and expecting me to meet your schedule.
nicee can i be ya company
30 minutes until Shocker Baseball takes on the Jayhawks up in Larryville. Hope they can get that W.
like the new website design!!
Stand up, where heels and smile on phone interviews.
2011.08.03 #Brewers 10 #Cardinals 5 | Casey homers thrice / Erupts for five RBIs / must be stealing signs...
Hey can you please follow me?!!:)
My heat are blowing my high
I hate being ignored. :/
I have turned green im so jealous ! That you met the weeknd ! Smh where was I ?!
The Serve Report lists Ohio Special Services Group () as one of the top 75 "influential must-follows"; Inv & PS Agencies on Twitter.
I want to be more than friends, do you?
It is. But I'm turned off by its $20 price tag.
"It's raining in San Antonio...Hallelujah!
Love your video and your message. Please follow so that we can talk more about your music! :) thanks
You don't take a photograph, you make it. ~Ansel Adams
"Business" is the first and most important word in "business casual." Dress like you're going to work, not a sporting event or club.
thanks for checking it out! glad to see the stylish ladies actually like it :)
With 6 TDs, Ravens WR Torrey Smith is now 2nd in the NFL in TD receptions among rookies (AJ Green - 7)
Ah, thanks for the references
Shake of the Month: The Grasshopper - Mint Shake with Chocolate Cookie Bits. And yes, it's that good.
Dinner Saturday night; reheated bibimbap eaten at desk.
In other news oomf is <<
LOL! RT : I feel like Spammers don't try anymore. They've lost their passion for art of SPAM. 15 emails from "qprd" in a row.
So far I am LOVING Julie Bowen's dress at The Emmy's....you? Look for my complete best and worst picks tomorrow at mmagazinemilwaukee.com!
I make it rain on them hoes!
#sleepwithoneeyeopen #jk and the best part is I don't :( I can get one at the end of Oct at the earliest
:( I got excited. But thanks!
is in scranton
Starting next week I only have 21 days left of my freshman year..never believed in time passing me by until now.
On #VirginAmerica, Debit card wouldn't swipe, in window seat, & other cards buried overhead in bag. Guy on aisle bought me lunch.
About to go for a late night walk
Favorite so far.
I need banana crack....
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
just read an article and watched a video about psychopath kids made me get the chills so bad...
i'm not liking trackD: only because i'm forced to do distance
school tomorrow ugh
Too nice out not to break out the grill and cook up some steaks! Oh yea, Go Packers!
Hoping this accessibility talk gets technical
maybe. Maybe not. ;)
This bitch is going on and on, when I never asked for her opinion to begin with.
#kids Gospel Mass / Services: Gospel Mass / Services Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 10:00 AM Our Mother of Mercy 1001 East Terrell Ave., Fort...
We'll be closed tomorrow for Independence Day! Happy 4th tweets!
#VoteRNG AL NIGHT LONG!!!!
he said something like he only anchors twice. Super Bowl Sunday. And one other Sunday. This time mother's day
Got some hockey cards for the first time today. No Preds, Stars or Pens, but I got a Yote.
 "We may have all come on different ships, but were in the same boat now." #MLK
Though the lack of bike lanes in Upper NW doesn't really help. Sharrows on Van Ness were much appreciated. Thanks again !
Happy New Year readers! How many books have you vowed to read in 2012?
: Lmfao yeah it's kinda how I talk so...Lmfao Kinda???
: I'm back n Vegas next weekend yayyy :) Looking forward to it!
that sounds nice, I listen to music a lot when I'm trying to lull myself to sleep haha
Thank you so much for adopting Molly and giving her the life she deserves!
haha let's see it:)
Yes. I've posted mixed reviews on Yelp. Yelp contacts businesses and tells them they can pay to remove negative reviews.
: John Adams drank a tankard of hard cider each day and had the occasional beer for breakfast.
Thank you for thewonderful walk and conversation,and thanks for the sorbet
It's really cool to watch every kid some how find their parents in the stands! Proud brother today:)
nthn just chilling what's up with u how r u
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
keep spittin the truth. we hearing it... www.thekeyplayerz.com
Dannon head butt commercial
you just are lol when you retweeted my shit aha
GoodMorning ! Bout' to get dressed & head to practice. :-) #A.Little.To.Late!
live Tweeting golf every weekend is the most interesting about golf. EVER.
: thank you so much for the follow! (: Thanks for following me=) xox
your welcome :))
RIP Etta James... What a singer, what a career, what a life.
YBP gets lots of RFPs from consortia "we want a dda program"
I have! I do! I will! Uh.. What's a remote? RT : "Life has no remote. Get up and change it yourself!
awh. Is there ANY WAY she'd let you stay so you can be with us? :D
thank you!
I have to balance Tim LaHaye with Taylor Swift. Isn't that right, ?
Ugh Im so cold and sleepy -____-
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Ginger Carrot soup and Cauliflower. Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint
#AustinWonNBT! We love you ! Were one big #MahomieFamily (:
any updates on TCL and Midland?
Does songwriting get easier or harder as you get older?
I've seen things on TV about Ben & Jerry's. They have a very cool and unique approach to business.
Cassie is stunning
I know I live in Los Angeles where it almost never rains, but I really wish I had a pair of awesome rain boots.
Go to charm city cakes :')
#killedit with on the floor! greatt performance:)
#awesome wrt 1st grade pic of me on #fb : "I remember Pete Aven was always pretending to be the bionic man and running in slow motion!"
Absolutely this RT : Every time I hear the #Beatles I'm struck by what a genius George Martin was.
Thank you for the support! Keep voting!
I just sorta kinda wish Justin Bieber wasn't involved.
Thank you, I like your concept as well!
Ah, my first Tweet was a twoosh! (A contraction of tweet-swoosh, when your tweet = a perfect 140 characters.) Thou shalt not spell past 140!
: I'm saying that it's better than not having it on TV at all. I don't think there is any way it would be on after 5 p.m.
workin homie what's good with you?
lol yea how were the police
Follow today. Let's start a trend.
just a little sad! That makes up for it 
Warp Tour this summer.
Do everything with everything that you are. Give it your all, always.
You're fucking weird and straight creeping.
In honor of #pla12, #ALA12, and the song "Anarchy in the UK," this year's pub crawl can be followed at
I find myself waiting for your text ....
So, now that we've narrowed down the possible list of suspects....
I wish I lived on the beach.
Went to church today && did a reading <3
Hey you guys have spots for holiday blowouts and trims?? Who's in? The little jewel box salon is so cute!
Is it really a countdown if you're the only one counting?
RT if you love Austin and Alex's bromance.<3
God is definitely at Emerged JV tonight<3
-- what is the deal for the John Corabi show on 8/7/11? No info on site, FB or here. Need times/price, please?
Many awesome things to announce in the coming days - stay tuned!
For a journalism workshop I'm doing: best #interviewing advice (for a story, not a job) and #whatIloveaboutjournalism. Thanks!
Excited about spending the night with
I'll definitely be watching!
what a perfect view!
Can't stop the economic drivers. A vendor wants to know my birthday, my kids' names, take me to lunch/golf, all so he can sell
FOLLOW BACK DUDE YOURE AWESOME!
That Moment Wen You See A Cute Girl At The Store & You Think Wen Are You Going To See Here Again
You're welcome, Karla!
you need to share a locker with someone next year so I can see you more. Cuz you'd be in the other hallway :(
Thx for the opportunity - so much fun! (and the pic wasn't so terrible ;) -CV
Could murder a pint so...
Um has anyone else seen the new York Peppermint Patty commercial? Wow.
Africa test.
HELP! What do you do with old magazines? Keep them? Box them away! Trash them?
Effing spoiled brat.
Looks like has a great panel: Get ready #Uppers, they're talking about Limbaugh
": In line for with " are you first? ;)
New Years Resolutions anyone... 1. Enjoy more local wine :)
i dont have a phone but we can talk here if u want
I realized after it wasn't an international holiday but glad I'd wished u a happy day! Go mums everywhere!
Tell us, what color would you want your Chevy vehicle in?
I call lefties "racetracks". They go in one direction, make a lot of noise, and do nothing of substance.
Mine &a friends conversation about me:"im in love with Niall. & hes freaking Irish!!" friend:"Does he like lucky charms?" wow
Nice to finally meet you! Thanks for stopping by the booth. We'll be in touch soon!
Is so blessed to experience this amazing music being made in the city of New Orleans.
#LSUUA #LSUBAMA The debate is finally over. Les Miles OWNS Nick Saban and LSU OWNS Alabama. Period!
You once told me "the extras dont matter/forget the other females" i really want u to see that its really like dat for me...I love u angie:)
"we have rice krispies for dead week when we get nomzy and are procrasterbaking
no I'm not. I don't lie.
Heck Yeah! omg can't handle this wanna punch them all in their face!
spoke to soon. Their flight just got canceled.
Nothing out of the ordinary, but have plenty of season-ending features.
same cant complain
I spent many a New Year's Eve in his company! "RIP Dick Clark. For so many of us, you set standard for music, radio & business."
damn straight I will be
Choosing between front row Nats seat and Game of Thrones was my Sophie's Choice today.
thanks! Me too! : Love the bow shoes with the polka dots!
I'm at sports clip and asked to watch the nuggets game and they don't have altitude tv on direct tv! Aghhhhhh
Don't be that guy!
sweet c:
I was at the earlier today with and the whole family. Had a great time.
On my way to Ohio! Can't wait!!!
Since it's Cinco de Mayo and I don't feel like leaving my apartment, I'm just going to have Mexican food delivered.
In absence of #RedSox from playoffs, I'm only really rooting for the Giants. Very tired of the Tomahawk chop in Atlanta already.
i know! i'd like a little skill with my genre piece please :-D
how do you distinguish feelings from thoughts?
One person dies of melanoma every hour (every 62 minutes)
been writing a lot of music!! can't wait for you to hear it
Found out today that #michaelcrichton passed away in 2008. Don't know what I was doing that year, but will miss one of my favorite authors!
the crease between your arm...!
Wynnicism#4: If u lack the creativity so much that instead of using plethora of expletives ur saying "Jesus Christ" ur PATHETIC
welcome and thanks!
Great to hear Double Trouble is on the bottling line.
De-stressing by playing the #ukulele. Horribly. I'm embracing my suck-age.
Dropkick Murphys and Mighty Mighty Bosstones tonight at Fenway Park...OH YEAH!
No, it's just that the world isn't ready for our vision. It'll happen.
{----Taking donations/solicitations whatever the fuck u wanna call it
Inmate while IN PRISON Steals $254K, in Identity Theft
: It is considered an offense to hunt whales. (Utah) ... Good to know.
my comp. is tomorrow
We are so thankful for your work in preserving and reviving this history.
If you like Justin Bieber's song "Boyfriend" follow me On ITunes
Texas is easy living, especially in the DFW area.Dallas Fort Worth Metropolitan area.Very hot summers though,but mild winters.
I miss your smile, but i miss mine even more.
It's not just physical, it's mental as well.
when I was young my moma look at and said girl yhu gone break hearts cus yhu to cute for just one
on what?
#CabinInTheWoods was the best horror movie I've seen in years!
The rain is gone! Come for a swim this week. Check out our schedule @ www.swim.net
great timing..
#Romney is a pussy! He's afraid of his own shadow: #PunxsutawneyRomney!We'll have 4yrs of darkness & despair! Not 6 weeks!
first we will move inland, then back out on boats, then on elevated houses. once the #waterlevels rise
No Gillys tonight?
www.WeBeGreater.com SF > LA T-shirts. January promotion - $5 off your order. Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout. Go #SFGiants !
Always fight for what is yours..
It's like a freaking family picnic.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
There are two things that get fired up. Monster Jam, and RSpec. :)
And the ship starts to sink.
Christ Jesus, those penguins were tall
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS not enough space for my reply..
I know you are my #realFR :*
Imagine how fast church would be if Busta Rhymes where the preacher... Weekend Wednesdays @ Long Bar Tonight No Cover and 1/2 price drin ...
Winners hate losing, but are willing to lose in order to get better. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
First half stats ... Shots: Texas 6, Tech 3 ... Saves: Texas 3, Tech 5
I screw things up so much, it's not even funny. :\
I could go all day!! From now on #whenever I'm bored I'm going to be thinking up
Be careful, that could come in the form of a hoarder keeping you captive under a pile of rotting cabbage and shoe laces.
Liked the last blog post.
I had a lovely mothers day yesterday
Happy Birthday to Grand Wizard Theodore
: FINAL: 83 - 81 tank is strong but too lil too late
Its funny what life brings you and the people that comes into your life!!
Storms. #chickenshit ... le sigh.
I BE LOVING THE CREW
LMAO, O, sorry for mentioning ass & off in this text. Be easy bruh
"and across the street is the famous, delicious restaurant Chesapeake Factory!" unfortunately it's a Cheesecake Factory.
you doing it homie. Can't wait to hear what you guys drop on us
If you're a bird, then I'm a bird.
Nap time 
Ralph Novak~ Reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to drop.
Cold water >>
I love that photo
whts up ms.
I fucking miss you to :/ I have not seen your ass in forever either & if I can recall right I called your phone last night
Nice shot, Tom.
U.S. identifies remains of troops in Afghan crash
re: memory foam mattresses bahahah!
Now go follow ! He's part of the crew and a bad ass...
Enjoy a day of sitting around in your PJs doing absolutely nothing. Sometimes a weekend is for nothing more complex than that.
: Love you so much you singing is the bestt!
Jerry Lee Lewis marries again at 76, keeps it close to home
you should feel lucky you got two beautiful HARD working girls :p
LOL. & pretty much! Jose was SO adorable!!!! omg I just wanted to take him home!!! xD
Loving the feedback we've been getting so far! Glad you guys like our Spring issue!
I got an A on my quiz today =)... *does happy dance*.... Ah that felt good
sponsor a brother with one of those and I will tell my ten highly influential followers about you
NO. WAY. At least you could see it coming at night?
this actress can not say "phenomenon" : (
this is true. The shoes make the outfit. Anyone who says otherwise is nuts
Goldilox Hair House...extensions that show more than tell.
Your lifecoach told me you should check out Vitality asap! Let me know if u're interested. www.vitalityoverview.com
Thanks for the helpful USMCC background. I look forward to meeting you in person at
MUCH LOVE TO MEL KEEP DOIN YA THING WE DOIN IT LIKE THAT AUG... WE COMIN BACK....
All they have to do is be honest! RT I #VoteSmart to see how candidates score on your Political Courage Test.
nope. Just everyone who uses a QR code. I should submit one that was in someone's email sig.
All up and down the West Coast baby! Fucking Stoked!
I'm a bar tender
wow we have a lot in common, I volunteer at the dog pound
I just changed my password so I don't get hacked too
Looking to gain some #SocialMedia knowledge? Follow pass it on!
I knew skynet was real
A Best Director lineup that includes Malick, Scorsese, and Woody in the same year is just fine by me.
I'm mom always!. Nothing special james wanted some hamburger helper. Green beans. New potatoes. Easy quick meal today.
Tonight, HEAVY w/'The Wizard' Brian Coxx, That Kid Chris, Oscar P & more. 35 E. 13th Street (), NYC. RSVP to RED
i wish would dm me ._.
I just woke up
Build Day registration is now closed!!!!! Sorry folks!!! Thanks for supporting Habitat again!
Did you wager on the Chicago Binkhawks today? Also, the Nuck-nucks have gone from 4-1 to 9-1 to win cup. What will odds be tomorrow?
Thank you!
yeah!!! I was born in San Diego California. :)
YAY NOW YOU ARE:$ LOVE YOU SEXY;) -KEN
Working from home, week 4...
The universe works in mysterious ways...shift focus and everything falls into place!
are you ready?
please follow me
Yay! Let's go Blue!
is it a good look for anyone??? And no, the moms seem immune.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RIZZO!!! Wit yo sexy self!!!
honestly a lot of maps are mainly indoors except for afghan and wasteland and if mw2 had spawn protection then nuke = moab
I totally want one of those!
Was it me?
Raspect to the writer!
The Queen's magic mirror says that this Valentine's Day, YOU'RE the fairest of them all! Now move along; he has a date with a bay window.
Nice to meet you Mark, have a great weekend!
GOOD LUCK CCLAX!! and the rest of the
A lesson in "don't waste the pretty" today! Appreciate your beauty - no matter what anyone else tries to tell you! Or I'll kick their ass.
Who wants my love? No one? Kay.
Last day at 8-5 job...sad & excited...time to commit 100% to #goodbusiness JenoLo Clothing
storms are a brewin
Hahaha me to!
All the dudes in the NFL draft has dreads their hats don't fit lol
So now Obama is telling me what I'm interested in and I shouldn't worry about him infringing on free press? GO TO HELL OBAMA. MF
I bet you were an awesome prof!!
Just made sure my pre-order was all set for the new and records tomorrow. Arizona's finest rock.
Good karma has been on my side lately
Im so freaking hot in this tux
Wednesday morning, why do you even bother?
Today's going good, ready for tonight! :)
Got the car emissions tested way to early this morning. DC testing center closing at 1pm today due to heat. Now: at Pound on the Hill.
I like the marshalls in those
HOT DAMN.
haha OMG. REALLY?
That whats up :)
I'd say Rip Hamilton is healthy again... Monster game so far!
LOL! This is so true! Why do I want QR codes to work so much???
Here comes the Rays.
is so freakin cute
I may have to start with smarmy and work my way up. Not flying out of ORD won't help though.
i said it once again, i said it once before #IJust,IJust,maaanIJustWannaKnow
missed you at the little magazine panel, but would love to meet up sometime this weekend
I concur with ya on this 1 !
are you gone....already?:(
hey. so you warm up from your AC? Lol
We look forward to seeing you again soon! We will be announcing our next event next week. #indy #inspire!
Sure hoping my annoying tweets will drive away the daggone followers i don't even know! Yep, that's it! Lol!
... Wow ... Do you think it went horribly wrong on purpose ... As in a way to get better ratings ? ...
Hey Tiara! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
I couldn't agree more. This is something we continue to work on, but repurposing content helped out our immediate need
aww thank you so much that means a lot! :) <33
feeling alone
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, divorce, wage garnishments, bank Levy, and more 916-509-0677
If you aren't happy now, nothing external can change that.
going to be another one of those days..BE productive..BE BE product-ive!
#healthcare claim denials- evidence of fraud or just a picture of a broken system?
Thanks for the kind words. : Watching The Vinyl Frontier, all about toy collecting and making. Cool if you want to track it down.
Does tax season really begin tomorrow? Oh no, not sure I'm ready. But am I ever ready? And yet, I do it every year! Ah...responsibility!
So thankful for child-eating whales today. You have NO idea.
President Calvin Coolidge reportedly said, If you don't say anything, you won't be called upon to repeat it
Can't wait to go taste&chat w/ Alana, the owner of Tredici Market in Wayne this am. She's a alum like me
Roll on Sunday till I get back to NI and go play a bit of quality golf around Ballyclare again
Be Prepped! January 22-28 is National Meat Week.
you aint never lie!
Game over :(. Minus the 5,652 fouls called on #pacers it wasn't a bad showing.
Good morning. Youre not supposed to have caffeine for 24 hours after donating blood. I have 4 hours to go. I caved. COFFEE!!!
Hello Thanks for the drop! #nowplaying on KDWB
Cee Lo is in gold tonight! c:
people can see the bottle of lies and scars of insecurities,and the secrets you thought would be kept forever are the things everyone knows.
I'm gonna be mad tired in the morning
One great marketing #campaign isn't enough. Marketing is a way of
Crazy.. u makeup an arguement on purpose cuz u KNO wats gonna happen next *ohYea*
Old School Sound on your iPad, BeatBlaster HiFi - Old School Cool is back
will be having a bignews release stay alert
So, this exists:
Need a place to stay in Vegas?? Get "dibs" on great rooms!
Beauty gets you there, but it's usually your brains that keep you there.
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
Want to get rewarded for your gambling? See how we can get you rooms and show tickets comped!
yeahh Austin&Alex answer Us! Whyy are y'all so sexyy.?!?! Lolol
My black clutch looks like its been through hell and back
omg im sorrie that wuz not for you!!! It wis supposed to be for som1 else:P lol sorriee
Finally going to bed, got a special boy on my mind.
Another plus for showers.
I'm not the one who wants a pengun slave.
Happy Sunday
It's Nat'l Chocolate Chip Day. I'd put in a request w/the chef of the house, but that happens to be me.
I'm not stupid , I'm a smart little cookie
FLORIDA LINE!!!! Whoot whoot party time :)))))
I've had the pleasure of being on your source list. I'm sure you'll be using it and will look forward to possibly helping out.
#Str8LykeDes... Watching anacondas nd chilling until later...
Twitter glitch, has happened w others I follow. Game on! Ask away! And ; - )
Fiona Apple sold out and I never made it past the server error page! Aargh! 90s teenager me just died inside.
I cant wait to see the homie knucklez...tomorrow im getting more tattz ...Body inked up like tha subway in harlem...
and are starting their family adventure today! We will miss you!! XO
the one and only! 1 hour to beautiful downtown Corning...
Will play Snow White in Pantomonium Production's 'Snow White & The Several Dwarfs' opening in Dec. at the Arclight Theater in NYC!
true. I do have some skills but their a little rusty after some 6 years sitting behind a computer. Dont let it happen to you
Hello April!
i'm so excited!!! I have all the songs on my phone, now i'm waiting for this one!!
Back to getting zero Facebook notifications a day.
So weird to be listening to with and while also seeing the back of their heads on ESPN!
I heard we're the best. Just kidding, but we've got awesome customer service. You should check out our inventory.
saw u on younow.com - very cool work!
I have issues? At least I don't share my issues all over Facebook you little bitch.
went to hospital and took lung test today. i passed but they didnt get the report to my dr before the end of the day.....
Kevin Kelly likes inventing neologisms, he just mentioned Ted Nelson and some of his neologisms: docuverse and transmedia
you're the best publicist that black Josh Groban can have!
Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
Once a girl starts her statement with "yo" I automatically tune her out
crying because he's perfect and we can't have him.
Ok, I've had my nap. Round 2.
my fancy dress is at the cleaners, should be ready soon. Then we can dress up and go to a dive bar. Lol still in?
Our pleasure! RT - A big thanks to for all the access and extra efforts this week
He Could Be My MAINThanq Thoo ! (:
Can we hire you as our personal stylist?!
Thank you!
Just saw this--so cool! It's great to see hard evidence of a syllabus affecting recs.
#RadioWaves will be performing at Athens Park in Los Angeles tomorrow 8/25 at 7pm. Wear your t-shirts!! :)
Got the world askin howd you get here? Said i Lebroned it! left a broken Cavalier(chevy) filled with empy cigs 5 hours and cans a beer!
goes the Dynamite?
#mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
Yeah Son! That's what's up!
Sponsoring a table for Casino Night on Jan. 23rd. Promises to be a fun time and a good cause for a great group of kids.
Half turkey wrap, potato soup, and a soft drink for $9.99!!
don't doubt yourself, girly! Best of luck :) I've been good, aside from my bruises and shizzzzz. :P I need to stop fighting ij
I've read (but not tried). HDMI out to projector - via an VGA conversion cord. Anything on iPad should wirelessly project. We'll see
Cleaned up and dressed up in tuxs and evening gowns; I don't recognize any of the kids. I can't figure out which is my kid.
Need a vacation after the vacation...Scottsdale you're alright with me
dnt say that.nwe just have to tweet about our ovaries and he will rt us. He is horny. Lol
I live in# NORTH CAROLINA,you ever come down here, by the way been voting for you babe
over 40 minutes now since first tweets...
Feeling super productive today--let's make some culture!
Thqnks for following
After returning from just a few days away I've found myself in RSS feed hell. Special thanx to #hackernews #slideshare and
Had an eventful weekend. Gearing up for Vegas this weekend and The Luxor!
In this day and age risk management is important and will become more so in anything we do or say!!!
Happy Leap Day!
Tell me about it
Glad to have a visit from Pam Yuen!
I also wish I understood dani lmao but  it, Paulie , since we are bros now lmao
But now, I think I got it. It came to me while I was listening to the last track on the album and it had that ka-thunk feeling.
I'm not a huge Tim Burton fan. But I would love for him to make a live action Peter Pan.
i never argue, i just explain why im right.
If you listen to peoples worries and get to share your vision with them, you will become a respectable leader.
boy shut up!
so cute
I am single and crushinnn on someone I noe I can't have :'[ and i wont see him until the science test cus we have testing together:/
why does he hate u?
Y U Rok So Hard?
cheers to a gr8 new week!!
RT : Life means taking the responsibility to fulfill the tasks we need to face
Up to 65% off!!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Looks like we fixed the the random resets on Black Rose last night at The Standard.
didn't buy it in November 2008 in the first place
Where'd you go? I miss you so
I forgot u gotta go to Dearborn wake his ass up than
The education of the wealthy has always enabled them to be leaders & critical thinkers21st century skills if you will.
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ Join us 4/7 with Fundraiser
X games:)
commerce claims to have over 240 poker tables. Foxwoods nowhere close in poker tables.
"The only breath that you can actually pay attention to is the one you're now engaged with." - Saki Santorelli (a cool breathing dude)
As if I needed another reason to love I just found out his nickname is "The Eraser."
frank and nics actually calls itself a sports bar. I am ok anywhere I can see the game.
Remember in 08 when lots of you volunteered to elect Obama? That. Now. Wisconsin. #recallwalker #wiunion. 20 days till election.
  I put u on my christmas list so for christmas my present can be sum christmas d*ck ..lol
My Twitter got hacked!!! sorry friends - i think it's fixed but if you get any direct messages from me they AREN'T legit so don't click!
aw I hate test lol :p
no bird bath? No Lions guarding the door? I don't see those wooden blind things either. Cmon its Grilton
is back on face off?!! I'm spazzing.
Might as well stay home if you are voting third party.
Neal McDonough Says 'Captain America 2' Will Shoot At The End Of The Year & Hopes 'Nick Fury' Will Follow
: What concert costs 45 cents? (cc )
Every time I grade finals I think "You had a week... 100% of the answers are straight out of the books/lectures... & left some BLANK? Wow."
is on Tahoe time.
Blasting tiesto is the only thing that's gonna get me thru this long day
You got that shit that everybody looks for, but can't find.
We're really squished into MPR 1 but it's a lot nicer than the auditoria.
my latest follower--I am obviously being punk'd by someone :)
I wish y'all were staying an extra night. SOHO? Haha
A clean vision, backed by clear plans, offers you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
If you use the discount code tavern20, you receive 20% off your September order on brewcityonline.com
thanks for lunch
Numerology and Sexual Revolution. I can't take the art ones, I suck at art beyond belief
Tough one. ATV for itunes, Roku for Amazon/Hulu. Both have netflix. They balance each other well. My 2g atv no netflix.
DM me man
Designed to appeal to competitive gamers, Dell has unveiled its new Alienware Aurora gaming desktop computer.  Computer Business Review
say hi to adrianne for me!
#scholasticbowltournemant ...bout to nerd it up. ;)
Instead I just get defensive and make some comment about them not being able to see my eyes from where they are
Great Sunday. Opening round of #NCAALax tournament continuing, The Players (Fowler), Twins + NBA playoffs. Johns Hopkins at 2pm.
general insanity as expected... Currently running on 12 hours of sleep from Wednesday night through today... But yay movies!
Nice slogan Mitt! Similar to when McConnell said this was the GOP's #1 goal. Same ol' song I guess.
cozy in the dark watching Dracula.
It is, though I now have to pay to have my daughter taught what should have been done in school.
my city cut throat...
GAB says petitions turned in are 1/3 more than they expected.
don't forget to mention missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen on water street saturday night.
to Rose's type of game. If he played like a Nash-no offense - he'd hold up. Explosiveness gone 4 a while!
"If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?"
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be." - Marsha Petrie Sue
is the smartest person ever! :b
I do too! Got it from Ms Framers!
Got a watch! But drew a squiggly line sideways. Oh well. Can't win 'em all.
im making a documentary with me and my friends called l.i.f.e
No snooze mercy! The day doesn't wait for you. You must take it.
Failed North Korean Launch a Setback for Kim Jong-un Defying warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea launched a rocket Friday
Anyone else notice when Ben awkwardly doesn't know what to say/do he goes in for the kiss?
ahh!! I JUST HAD A GREAT IDEA! Let's have a puppy or kitty with us too!:D it'll be so cute to have around <3
Illustrator and FCP 7 open at once. Impending apocalypse - Melancholia style.
Can you follow me PLEASE :) YOUR THE BEST CHACHI :D I LOVE YOU XD. Stay BEAUTIFUL <3 Your an AMAZING dancer. NO JOKE :)
Those who thirst for new life are satisfied; those who hunger for the living Word are filled! Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good.
Brian McKnight what type of women are you messing with when you have to show them how they pussy work......hahaha Pineapples!!!!!
Providence improv fest! Who else is going?
Among all the other things as well. (:
#IWantToHave sex. Pointless, meaningless, sex. Just to get my mind off everything.
Epic roach battle. Lots of screams, one corpse. Linda: 1 Roach: 0 Me: Scared shitless.
Drafting Trent Richardson tonight will infuse the Browns with the dynamic playmaker this offense badly needs. Go offense w/ 4, 22, and 37
The Taiwanese-American Jeremy Lin NY Knicks Point Guard and All The NY Knicks Team Beat out the LA Lakers I bet Kobe Bryant Knows him Now!
My baby kick the shot out of me Morgan u kinda hurting mama lol
Nudge of the Day: "If you don't like change, you are going to like irrelevance less." Gen. Eric Shinseki
Who r u & y are u angry at bella ?
Who else is going to #arlis2012?
Headed to play at that's cool with beth beighy, connor rand, clay evans and more....come on out!
Ladies r back on Coffee Jazz Radio. POWER-HOUSE JAZZ VOCALIST Marainne Solivan. suberb, tender, smooth gorgeous real music
Guess what...instead of flying back straight to CT tomorrow, I'm going to Indy to spend it with Steven for New Year's/his 23rd bday!!!!
"Divorce and the surreal journey into the unconscious"
Good morning! Hope everyone has a great Friday. :)
thanks & same to you! Have a great weekend.
: writes YA books. Start with "Uglies." I read tons of YA cuz so many good authors!!
yay you have twitter! Haven't talked to you in forever!
Shine on you crazy diamond. - Pink Floyd
Need to start back doing what I use to do this not like me!!
She basically sounds like she babbling with conversational intonation if that makes sense.
lol we poppin bottles. U crazy!
Damn I post ALLLLLOTT :) oh well
I love that movie
mine too :)
Rom 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who walk not according to the flesh but according to...
being in Philadelphia....I haven't said #NephsIke in years lol
Speaking of L trains, I discovered some very, very sad news while at Union Station for National Train Day...
Wise men have more to learn of fools than fools of wise men.
Eating BFG in my car, alone...
Go Yankees!!
well if I get accepted to the nursing program that'll be a year so next year
Won our playoff game against some amazing kids!
Now Tebow throws the longest pass of his career and then runs it in for another TD! Go Broncos, 13-6!
I'm the fuckin' man, ya don't get it, do ya??
I'll bet there...save me a seat.
I love my mommy, but i love bailey more, he does not treat me like a little boy anymore, she acts like i'm still 2
"There's gonna be a lot of slow singing and flower bringing if my burglar alarm starts ringing..." - Notorious BIG
A Little OldSkool Treat... Chevy's Fresh Mex!! Fajitas! Get in My Belay!! :p
Going to try something else for pain . "You may experience some discomfort?' Yeah, right. Feels like truck ran over chest!!!
I thank God everyday for guiding me on the right path to become the man I am today! #AwesomeGod!
We'll be at the walk in Lehigh PA on Saturday. Come join us for some fun!
There's no greater bliss in life than when the plumber eventually comes 2 unblock ur drains. No writer can give that sort of pleasure
chupzzz u could do the same !
I think it was the Apple product that uploaded it causing all the problems
Im wide awoke
What up Mari!!! We gotta Party it up again! Come to So Cal!! RT xoxo...
Minnesota Vikings: Drafted Rookies Receive Their New Numbers
The Avengers! (:
these niggas outside boxing in the hallway smh. Just knocked this nigga grill down lol.
I know its crazy. We had planned to interview today but the whole site is down for a few hours.
I am settling in for the night and starting to crank on some tshirt designs.
You should do win a day with we sure could use her style tips!
Doing some heavy reading to get prepared for a working visit to NSF
Frozen chocolate chip cookies are the best thing on earth...
Having one of those days I should have stayed in bed
Fresh Floral Bouquets
Its like the One Two Step
500 #YMCA kids now watching 's Pirates! Band of Misfits!
We'll be around today!
I don't even care.
Gracias Mi Amigo :D
and You cant Beat "Anything" That's Clinically Proven
and just cooked a delicious dinner yum!
Like this status to wish the snow away for the opening of our season (May 1)!
You are invited to tour and taste at brewery in downtown Indy and visit #LocalsUnderground tent next 5 days
just chillin u?
Never trust a dude in a tunic.
Not live, but video coming soon
ha! got asked if i worked cloud technologies b/c of the co name. had to laugh when i said i named it b/f there even was a cloud.
God blessed the broken road that lead me straight to you.
Awesome. Enjoy it, Jack.
my fam gone be on 106 & Park!! Me to
Three more festival entries for Close Ties. Hoping to be in Texas next month.
Seven #charterschools ranked among the citys top 10 middle schools; among non-exam middle schools, charters held the top eight spots
Sources say DOES #evolvealready on #MarriageEquality - thank you to all of those who continue to pressure for what is right!
I know. Mine is like a Black power manifesto haha
yea she gets so excited like Liam on Christmas!
#tempo at 83 i think imma put my country potna on it wit his accent it will sound raw
I can't tell if she did it or not
Oh I agree. Just thought it was funny.
Clutter means anything that stands between you & the vision you have for your best life, its so much more than just the stuff. Peter Walsh
Almost an hour later and I still haven't peed 
So excited for the dynamic duo writing team of & hubby David on Nov. 13 at 3p. New Ella Clah mystery. YAY!
how did they hold up?
happy #nationalbartenderappreciationday a lot of bartenders will be appreciated tonight
Damn! Choooo smoked that for a double
Reason 22 to love the BBA: The small town feel in a big city. Shop local has a whole new meaning.
My first year hanging up outdoor xmas lights. Confused. Half of one strand once its up the tree is not working and another half blinking. :/
I love you so so so much and it would make my day it i could get an RT from p.s i would prob die!:) plz
oin us by following our tweets in starting a Revolution. Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
Bigg day today fighting 4 first place
I just commented on a sports blog. Next thing you know, I'll be showing up for homecoming in an RV, plaid pants, talking about good ol days.
Latin America's taste for #ScotchWhisky growing. Exports to S. America increased by 44% in January to October 2011 according to Global Post
Forgive don't forget. Respect don't expect.
"When i see your face there's not a thing that I would change"....(:
Guy said "cool beans" to me twice today. Twice. Same guy. Same conversation. Caveman restrained. Mission accomplished.
You're a skeleton key opening me...
Friendly reminder: do not wear perfume to any kind of audition. For any job interview. Actress cleared the room out today. Migraine anyone?
Mom just told me that when he showed Grandpa a picture of me, he referred to me as "Great an Big"
Geisel Library 24/7 space during finals has been planned for months. This is not response to today's activities.
At St John's Church in Worcester for a memorial mass in honor of Britney Gengel 2 yrs after the earthquake in #Haiti - Details on at 9
Thursday night! Heat's destruction of the Knicks will be embarrass-lin!
Off to the house. I have class tonight. I want to get some time to chill and eat before class tonight.
sad things when sadness settles in
Anyone in the world that can lead me to some corporate leadership books?
Friday the 13th is for schmucks. Don't allow a calendar mishap to dictate your fortune.
!!! RT : I'd Be Broken If Things Don't Go As Planned..
I already follow you sir
That young man certainly deserves the praise!! It's great that you shared !
i love you buddy
One glance at my Google+ profile, & I realize I may be more proud of those posts, almost because I post there infrequently.
#BigTimeLA here we are LA
Of Course!! RT : Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
D-Nap.
Anyone want to grab coffee or a drink or take a hike this weekend? I'd love to find a new trail for the dog.
Road closings are from 7:00 am- 2:00 pm. Enjoy your weekend!
i got u ....im out of tpwn right now soon as i get back ima send somen asap...wats da word tho my nigg
Marty, beast mode!
Catching the rest of "The Walking Dead", Then too sleep land I go..
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
Who decided what cuss words are cuss words?! From now on, sprinkles means fuck.
RT : Psyched for producer - she's singing the national anthem at game tonight!
I love it. Especially when you check in on that bridge. And b/c I like knowing where you are at all times.
I've seen proprietary docs in the open before. I usually let the local sysadmin know -- sometimes they think it's secured.
Excuse me but i'd like my virgin pina colada to be more slutty. Thank you.
Last day at home before heading to Europe with MB.
omg did you get to meet ryan higa?!
: Ya know, it'd be nice to get a good morning text from someone once ina while.
Just got home had so much fun at the concert.. Loved seeing Jasmine, Justin, and Jaden.. you guys rocked!!!
I dont see my last tweet. Bobby Perry / Blue Bobby Production / Akila Records
Thanks... I think I might have a few nightmares after watching that...
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Thanks, Jack!
is saving a table for you!
Some people think what we do isn't cool..so, do you want to be cool, or do you want to be rich?
Lmao today was live 
RT: I always see things I really like when I don't have money -___-
You are awesome. Thank you so much!
Well, maybe me and this girl can both be the break in other's string of bad luck.
Al Final Rayados !!!
talking about judicial review of presidential use of war powers, blah blah blah... but yeah, lol
When I think ur going to tell me no more lies u suprise me
another FYI users of #gotowebinar ipad app do not get sent to the exit survey. Thought you'd want to know. cheers!
Obv hitting every red light cause I'm not trying to get somewhere or anything..
Yessir London to Hollywood were ever we stood
Author John Trimbur ("The Call to Write") will speak @ 9:30AM session on teaching/theorizing language as a local practice
"True friendship isnt about being there when its convenient; its about being there when its not. some need to learn..."
Getting things configured on my new #galaxynexus It's taking some getting use to coming from an original Moto Droid.
Sending you a DM - let's connect!
In less than 10 hours I'll be eating fish.
Good morning! Who's coming to see Decoder, Us From Outside, In Other Words, Call it Karma and more this Sunday at The Pike Room?!
Home loan borrowing costs rose about as much as they could today without having it negatively impact CURRENT MARKET...
some nigguh really said whose drake ! nigguh go kill yourself!
"Wayne's World, Wayne's World, party time. Sw-wing! RIP, Bodolai.
#FactsAboutMe Can't wait to use the #app on #Friday!
Sugarfree Blue Raspberry on the menu for a limited time!
I like your definition...although rhetoric is often ineloquently done!. Maybe "successful rhetoric" instead
The Summer Need to hurry up.Im a be Out
I guess my FaceBook password was too easy! hahahahaa I love him!
Getting it together. Recital is coming up fast!
I haven't, but definitely will be trying!
Narcissus - Say Anything
if you were roc's wife you would know his name is Chresanto August <3
Happy V-day!!!!
LOLL I KNOWWW ": Why Do Females Say "Suck My Dick"? Shit Kinda Scares Me Sometimes"
hopefully it's not already too late. Sounded like the Register is certainly ramping up.
RT : The Brown-Forman Nutcracker opens in less than a month! Who's ready for the holiday season!?
i love you..
Peace out Ebanks.
yes but I have way more and way varied presentations compared to normal this week
Isn't UAT the best part of any project?
Practice time!!!!!!!
Watching my fav late night show the nanny
that sign is on the front door of the dell still, I just hadn't read it up close ... seems it will be subdued at a minimum. :(
How do scientists make mice autistic to test drugs or is there a genetic epidemic in mice too? I'm all ears.....
look at my face -__- what do I look like lol
what it do bro
Anyone at the St. Pat's parade downtown? Show us your pics!
coping with my first orthodontia. i feel like i should be in 5th grade.
have any if you had a ghost encounter? :o
So much snow!
what rapper would you compare yourself to?
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and ;) OF COURSE THEY DO!!
I'd fly over Salt Lake tomorrow
3k followers! :D #Swag! thanks so much everyone! :D
the last place I had in Boston had a real FUSE BOX instead of a circuit breaker. Those old glass ones!!
Tough biz! ;) You headed to SXSW this year?
Diplo tonight ! Hmu for guest list!
I've been strategically making sure my wife doesn't see previews for #TheLuckyOne only to fail tonight. Now we're going tomorrow.
;)) You're the fucking best.! But all jokes aside, when r me nd u getting married.?
Lycopene in tomatoes is a highly effective antioxidant, benefits include lower heart disease. Eat your tomatoes today at Smashing Tomato!
Good morning!!!! Let's make today productive!!!!
thats what I thought #knucklesandwichs are intimidating
when do you think you'll hear back from Guinness on if Ray broke the record? He has to be exhausted this morning!!
#sslive Put someone in charge of knowledge workers performance.
T.G.I.F.! Follow some awesome local #Fridays supporters :)
<<<< Now following
Thanks for using the #indystage hashtag, Scot! I long for the day when ours is used by as many as use #philastage!
Dreams are most fun when you first think of them and after you have accomplished one...the time between start and finish is just hard work!
WAKING UP DRUNK FROM LAST NIGHT <<<<<<
who is that miley cyrus put on twitter that shows people danceing some where
36 hours in jail starts now...fml
Thanks for the heads up!
Umm..Singer, Dancer, Doctor, OR Cook!! Can't Chose...(:
Thank you for the inspirational call tonight! You are the best friend a person could ask for! Love you!
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??????
love you boo bear <3
actually enjoyed the #Beyonce special on MTV/VH1. Love Bey, but still not convinced to buy the album yet. Any feedback?
I'm pretty sure that's my vision of hell.
lol yah, dont leave us hangin! I want 10 minute updates on mr presidents night!
RIGHT?! im telling u, the tv shows they show these days are ass
It's okay! I was hoping we would get a Foursquare badge unlocked for the achievement. ;-)
the pleasures all mine.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. Will Rogers
Drs orders? RT #StPatricksDay!! Get your Saturday studying done, and get some green beer!
I stay up too late
We see all. Judging from afar... RT : ex interns bonding over some beer..talking smack
:) RT : Can't wait to see my new pictures from He'll make me pretty.
how's that??
It was adorable!!! Your such an inspiration! I hope to meet you again sometime soon :)
It's been hot, sweet and milky #vavavavoom. Have been drinking my coffee iced, however.
and are apparently "concerned" that I won't follow through with my #twitterbinge. Wow. #friends 6/24
So true RT : had such a empowering breakfast with listening to speaker Heather Haas.Great way to start the day!
Happy Leprechauns to all
Nice to know my whole office got $1 pretzels from without me.
Mari so irritating; this boy get geeked every time I fast forward the tv; lol
Have alot to think about when its raining.
#Knicks faces starting to get that look.
much luck with your surgery & recovery - all us Brewer fans will be thinking of you & wishing you the best!
What?!? lol i don't get the whole Eastern time, and Western time thing :/
Home Depot to hire 70,000 seasonal employees. Will legal industry follow suit?
you're welcome
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
what us it going to be about?
USDE Office of Civil Rights investigating suspensions, AP access, inequalities of resources in the education system.
lol. Yeah. Paper plates. Everything disposable :-/ They seem to be set up mostly for take out.
come here and I'll reconnect you
I know...just having an old fart kinda day.
So apprently its #nationalcleavageday , well that's my outfit sorted for the weekend...
Why you gotta be so mean?
Direct eye contact is a mother fucker lol
no, but wish I was!
BREAK LEGS !! TONITE at Studio Be at 7:30pm is the premiere of Kellys 1-woman show-Double Happiness.
#helc12 dog urinated on laptop , baby erased files excuses
 My opinion doesn't affect the Brewers, MLB, or baseball. It doesn't cause global warming or cancer. Doesn't matter.
CNBC folks talking about billions of dollars of wealth "being created" by #FacebookIPO. What if the price goes down?
But will there be glow-in-the-dark insanity? RT The Oscars are just the Mom Slam Dunk Contest.
Also, the people I'm sitting near in CMU are super awkward.
I miss you already!!!!! =/ But I'll see you again on Friday!!!! :D
Austin is rad. ;)
she said she wants to do the wild thing, let's do it
this girl got herself some strawberries and cool whip :)
That was cool
more like
RIP paw paw ....I have nothing else to say!
You ain't lying! This weather was NOT what I agreed to when I decided on USC // LOL
Amateur ref.
Ta-da...Just voted on all June 5 primary issues by mail. All political mailers, TV ads and robo-calls to be ignored henceforth!
how u been lil bro?!
NAPA will hold instant mentoring Friday in 517a. Come talk with practitioners about careers outside of the academy
east side is where it's at
does the bernie dance
My beard/mustache product is dissolving into my martini. That's a fail.
Happy Mother's to all of you out there in the twitter verse!
yeah I don't know how it would work out but everyone would love it...at first anyway
Thanks for following me! I had a great experience at your workshop and took your advice, I'm getting new headshots on Monday!
Thanks for the checking me out, dont forget to visit kewlaire.com
I am extremely bored....
My money is still on Butter Bean.
thank you! Glad i could help! :D
Thanks for your support, sis!
Let me find euphoria
I'll join the chorus: "The Band" (the album) changed my view of music forever. God bless you, Levon Helm.
RT: if you BRUSHED YO TEETH this morning.
i wish cranberries were coming to texas!!!!
Thats the closest 12 point win I've ever been apart of
i wonder if hard wood is pretti wen its on fire
Just went all white girl ninja on lizzy. <3
Call time 8 am!!
so cute!
will do!
man. Brilliant.
It's Thirsty Thursday! I think I need a long island
When will you all be considering judges? Does all the budget biz have to happen first?
#ATL is sick on the music talent met a ton of great people!
What's up with Republicans bashing on the French?
Pretty badass Free Vertical Jump Training course! It works Instantly! wanted to share www.theverticalpro.com
That song started the night off right!!
xoxox Maryland friend
hey guys! miss you already! had the guys to speak to chris last night! yayayyy <3
getting ready to laugh
We've approached Rodrigo y Gabriela to be in the film, keep your fingers crossed.
Playing this Thursday with ,Marcel Camargo, Rob Perkins at 7pm in Santa Monica www.hotel-casadelmar.com
70% sold out and it's not even February yet!!! www.cultuschichi.us
If this outfit doesn't look cute then fuck it, I quit wearing clothes.
Francisco!!!! Where are u? I wanna get married u *___*
Thank you for the follow,
Because we believe that which we cannot see and we trust #God who is #faithful and
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
LOL. I wish I had more time to write. I have idea's coming out my ears.
Or rather, 2 generations from now won't understand what the OPPOSITION was fighting for! :)
We're here!
If Reds lose (two down in bottom 9, trailing by 1 right now) tonight, they're only at 16-16.
LOL you both are too funny :D
it's really scary when we argue /:
#Hawks playing with confidence. Not intimidated by #Bulls. Whether they play smart enough is another issue.
Spinning at area 31 tonight on the terrace....music starts at 6pm!
Thanks, conveyed. And thanks for the heads up about , looks sharp w/ et. al. May try to compose my thoughts.
I'm ready to go home , gma getting on my nerves!
I try.
You may want to take a look at Wirecard - they are awesome to work with.
site read we couldn't vote yet???? or am I just old and senile?? hahaha NO I'm NOT
current fave track on Allderdice?? enjoying me some Mia Wallace lately
nvm it was about skins but it gotanswered.
I think she was supposed to be blonde.
YEAH YEAH
Sorry!! Just followed. Hope you are having a good day!!
I think we need to find ways to use social media to continue session conversations that are often cut short.
#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!
If all of ur friends are #shallow don't be calling yourself #deep. birds of a feather flock together.
Princianna Durosier ~ Bullying Hurts ~ "it must stop"
There are some drunk people here.
Why must my flight this morning be So. F'ing. Early?
he disappeared at the end of 5th grade
Does Miami roll in the 2nd half?
i wish the suns were in the play offs :-(
You guys suck
RT if u oemeber there first blunt...
what r Pobs?
Good Monday Morning! Time to rise and shine!
Hey Asher! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Congrats to you & Executive Sous Chef Bill Crouse who was selected for the Buy Local Cookout hosted by Gov O'Malley!
Shopping is better than sex. If you're not satisfied after shopping you can make an exchange for something you really like.Adrienne Gusoff
It made going to bed at 4:20 in the morning quite difficult. Three games into my AFL fandom and I'm hooked!
that's everyday. Not the last day Of school.
Stones still rolling along - Morris Daily Herald
seriously! Tagxedo is AWESome!!
It's so nice. Can we have work outside today? I have a laptop, so for me, the answer is YES!
and of course u failed again.
DUDE! I'm out back reeling under the effects of drink. Come say hello.
Thinking about home...
We would look at eachother and not say a word, but so many words were being said..
Will found out the hard way tonight that they mean business at Buffalo Wild Wings when they say "Hot." And he thought he was a hothead.
To make room for new products, we're extending the 10%-75% product deals while inventories last.
thank you.
Hangovers. That's why.
Hood Internet makes lil Wayne sound good - someone's comment on YouTube. Haha TRUE
Thinking about #benchmarks for #library training and how different models exist that create the same outcome: knowledge. More soon
ALA names THE TECH SET the winner of the Greenwood Publishing Group Award for the Best Book in Library Literature! Learn more: bit.ly/gf1uoN
Thanks for following & look forward to your tweets! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 26
I know right! It is gorgeous!
ever since I can remember probably twenty years now
Anyone know weight in grams for a cup of blanched almond flour? Thanks!
Can't sleep 
I have drank way too much coffee. I'm about to vibrate out of my chair.
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I have a bad temper....
I don't think so Bitch , hoe shit
In da cut barber shop.
What do you mean-- I had a Dorothy Hamill haircut.
Happy to hear and like our save the dates!
I know this really is our year for transformation! God has prepared our hearts and we're going after it!
You guys should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's a pretty funny YouTube Series/ Viral Video
New beer: Bluepoint's RastafaRye, Cisco Whale's Tail Pale Ale, Southampton Publick House IPA. Come on dahn fer a brewski!
LaCrosse features electric motor
We had a great time in Las Vegas. Next stop for Charles River - ISS Long Beach
sometimes i wish there were remotes for parents so when they give lectures i could just hit mute
what's your name again?
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water (Agua de Fresa) 4.55 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by Olivia "Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
Am sitting here at Taco Bell & I just tried the #DoritosLocosTacos & they are amazing!!
| Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
Residency coordinator training - brief and to the point. Hopefully I start getting orientation requests soon!
That Twitter. So buggy.
sick and tired of being sick and tired
I am!
There are almost too many good things about this day.
LOL I am sure u are not the only one
one day you will follow me but today isnt the day! :(
me to girl, S.I.T.
Inviting many San Diego friends to follow tonight. Just started focusing on my Twitter account, so I only have a few updates. But I'm real.
Our next gig is at Plush on Thurs. March 22. Should be a blast: A "Girlfight Presents" with all female-led bands. Joy!Joy!
I want a feminist writing of the body that metaphorically emphasizes vision, because we need to reclaim that sense to find our way. -Haraway
AWESOME!! MT : Thought u'd like to know received 2nd place metal from 2nd for team" cc
ahaaha. Nah.thanks !
Hey u found me haha hows it going with the messeage for Our Mun? if you need anything let me on here and @ soompi
is rocking today!!!! :P
Just scored tickets to the and show tonight! Happy Friday to me and !
I think NBC did ABC a favor by having Palin on today show. People got to see how much better ABC is. Love their pet segments
First song of the second cycle of "The 365.52.12 Project," now called "DaysMonthsWeeks" instead, will be posted on April 1st. No joke!
Want your #IPAD to work as a phone? Davinci has a free app for that! Buy our $59 automated phone service and make calls from your app free!
nice! I will be there sometimes!!
I'm glad you liked it but I'm pretty sure you are one of those rarities that sees distinctions that most don't
On St. Charles Ave in NOLA, waiting on the Mardi Gras parade to start! :D
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
About to hop in the shower again haha 
#WhenBoys keep on reminding you how beautiful and worthy you are.
#PhiMA-Thanks for another great panel discussion-insight and examples of tangible social media marketing
Notice in the 2 Pens win- no goals by Talbot or Jagr. I just didn't want them scoring today.
"Strength is a matter of a made up mind"... Decide and conquer :)
I Tried To Tell You All My Fears , You Still Dont Care , Well Thats OhKayy
I wanna go swimmin :(
my outfit today is actually looking good.
: I would laugh if a white person called me a nigger! Then i would kick his ass....lol
If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price. ~ Unknown
#iwonder what college will be like
Exciting news: Jackie will be speaking at #CPAC 2012 this Saturday at 3:30PM. Come and listen or tune into C-SPAN to catch all the action!!
I heard through the grapevine that you were in need of kind words. All of us Cat Fans wish you well.....even the old ones!
ha ha ha no shit isn't that the truth. Good luck with the business partner
always feels good to get to the root of a problem. But it definitely requires patience and perseverance!
THIS JUST MADE MY FREAKING DAY! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I ALMOST DIED....who said that?
I'M TRYING!!! RT : Someone needs to help me get out of Illinois.
I understand, booze was never my thing, even though practically everything else was, I just don't like being drunk
Nice Beast panel...one of the best characters around.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: "profit crying in the wilderness"
Good Life Balance must be fueled by good sleep. Off to bed! G'night world.
THIS MAN, HAS A POINT! RT : How bout.... All the women twitpic their #shirtoff much better idea, less ayo
Waiting for you To notice me.. :( <3 you? :)
Trynna Stop Crying
red lip stick? yay or nay?
I'm on Team Pulaski.
thanks husband Chris for the Happy Birthday message: "In a world full of wonders, you are among the most wonderful of all."
I love salty food... And Jen.
RT : Great "you know you're a figure competitor when" post by - made me smile. ;)
ITS FUNNY HOW ALL YOU #OKC BANDWAGONERS COME OUT OF NO WHERE!!!
Oh f*** you UPS, we all remember the pass too.
lol, feel my PAIN!
There might be a lot of them but Mexican people look like they work hard. Happy 420! In 20 minutes I'm going to beat off , JK lol
There are many things in this world that I like too much. Maybe one day I'll tell you what they are.
no kidding! Who do you think will go home?
Sunday is always a movie day
working hard, to only continue to work hard the rest of my life
RT : What other places do casting directors look for child actors?
RT : last day of the DCcodeathon! starting off day w chocolate cake bacon eggs and sausage! Thanks for the cake !
If Fred Thompson is on TV and trying to convince you to buy something, chances are he's fucking you over.
Are you Going Red for women today?
Your a sorcereress aren't, able to tweet while sleeping.
what time did u go?:)
Lmao say "hit em from the behind ...NEVERMIND WHAT HER FACE LIKE " PRETTY MUCH
Why do people have such stupid names on here and Facebook?
its 9:42 am here too. where do u live? i live in Winder Georgia
Ron Paul is awesome!
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you. Marsha Norman
yo come over
Just waved at a car that i thought was .... It wasnt... X
Olivia and I can scratch ATLANTIS off of our bucket list. :) Our family vacation has been booked!
you're the bomb!!!!! are you psyched for our music video coming out this thursday?
today's to do list: coffee, job 1, job 2, spa appointment. it will all be worth it.
i Can't Believe My Eyes Connect w. Yo sexy Body =]
Dom I love you but I can't do that alone. Help me Dom you are my only hope!
c'Mon...I could look up some tickets.
Wait....just saw this. Sugar free? Completely? Mama I'm scared. What's happening in this world?? (But actually congrats!)
If you still act the same as you did in HIGH SCHOOL #getittogether time to better yourself!
Super Bowl 2014 may displace trade shows at the Javits Center-using the space for the media and volunteer center.
I do dis 4 REAL...bc I neva been FAKE
when you brag about your self so much I can't help but get in attack modeand jump over the table
I say go for it!
can you please ask all your followers to retweet #levilowrey? co-writer for "Colder Weather"? He deserves a trend =)
hey thanks so much to my newest followers!! U da best!!!
But she loves nuzzling!!!!
Yep, does he Tweet? He and I have discussed stuff. I suspect we will hang when I am in CHS this summer interning.
Do not want to get out of my bed!!! I'm so sleepy! My God I am :( ;(
Holy Moly! Kaylee is almost done reading the Book of Mormon! She is winning our challenge!
PaladorBenjamin thanks for following me on Twitter!
Check out this very special episode as we announce our top voted 2009 Viewers Choice Award Winners! This Sunday (1/31/10) at 6:00pm on KRON4
Hi There! We are looking for a Co-Host in Jax. Would you be interested?
Thanks for retweet!!
Did you know Baci Ristorante was awarded the A Four Diamond Award 14 years in a row!?!
Nice work guys..I look forward to hearing more from You!
I miss my cousins and :(
Thank you! I really appreciate that. GOod night :)
I agree. If nothing else, he has presence (motivational and otherwise), and that can't hurt them.
Worst nap ever #wah 
Unless your values cannot travel faster than the speed of light in a vacuum, do not tell me you believe in moral relativity, kids.
Happy Earth Day Everyone! See you at Morningside Park at 10AM for Kids Yoga, Planting w/the Girl Scouts, Community Markets and more!
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!
I think just through out a faboulosity comment.
Please let baylor and stanford play this is not quality bball
Just messing around. Enjoying Austin? Does anyone sleep during SXSW?
Time to review your call charges on your business telecoms? Give us a call: 0844 880 2010. You will be pleasantly surprised!
I need to go get that Nike tank top asap
We hope you enjoyed this weeks Nostalgicon post. Who would you like to see next?
Welcome back...thx - SAVE THE DATE: Fri, November 11th...more details to come this week!
How do you make it all the way to your SENIOR year not knowing how to say a grammatically correct sentence?
What a beautiful day it's been in #ABQ. Hope everyone got out and enjoyed it.
Thanks for the follow. We would love to see some digital Japanese #stamps displayed And the #letters of Japan too
Most of what we call management consists of making it challenging for folks to get their work executed.
Is the #Nationals Game still on today or are there delays due to rain?
Tonight! I'm happy to be Single for VDay : P
well said. #SecClinton: We don't have to choose btwn doing well & doing good. The only choice we have to make is to do better.
nothing like arguing wether or not a sloth can climb up a tree up that's right they can
With the 78th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : J. Papelbon
text book selection for next semester nearly complete.
RT : The #renown150 ambulance & vintage RNs visited Pleasant Valley Elementary School as part of reading week....
Making noodles. Should I spit in them? (:
#IntelWhatAboutMe :D i'm a gamer
I like your way of thinking.
it's scary. :p if I ever get caught I'm just gonna run like hell
Completely! It's a mystery of life. How is it SO much harder to find something in a small purse?
Haha I guess it's easier to spot the ones who had honest intention from the get-go right?! Time for bed, goodnight twitterverse. Stay classy
I can tell when is pissed... And shes pissed.
at a great vacation! Wishing an amazing time to my family!
there are two types of people in the world: those that find Ed Hardy attractive and those without STD's
I know right RT : Can the Spurs Just play already?
We are close to 2,000 followers on Twitter! To celebrate, we are having a drawing where YOU & a FRIEND will win 1/2 OFF 1 month of classes!
Let's start making a wishlist. :)
It was so lovely seeing the gorgeous last night! So many big things happening for this funny lady & no one deserves it more! <3
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!
Subaru Goes Live With New iPad Apps - MarketWatch (press release)
Thanks for the RT Eddie!
Side effect of being back to US from abroad: zero appetite. 6 lbs lost in 2 weeks. Then again am not eating rice and peas every day!!
pleased to tweet you!
seriously people need to stop taunting people about spelling, at this pt, its our fingers doing the work typos happen.
Idkkkkk where u goinnnn or when u comin homo i left the keys under the mat to our front doooorrrr
Crossing international borders automatically adds years to ones sentence, doesnt it?
what no Grover?
Looking good! Sent you some notes for discussion :D
I have a line on a buyer ... we're tracking her down ... will stay in touch today.
my new fb page is facebook.com/10000228497556
Lauren, I'm seriously trying so hard not to, but once he says he's getting on the plane I'm gonna break down and just cry</3
I wanna girl with FOODSTAMPS ,LOL
A lot of my friends weren't even in our class. Also, I hate being reminded of old animosity & my general apathy toward classmates
What's your #FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ?
Josh Dupont & Francie Phelps busting out the tunes right now!
Long Monday at the office? Come relax at Petterinos with our #tasty small plates and enjoy our Monday Night Live entertainment!
Signs of child abuse: change in behavior, learning problems, withdrawn, afraid to go home
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day and how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind.
Yep but I took today of haha, so now I can do whatever I want muahahaha haha :D what movies do you suggest I watch?
Light on my heart. Light on my feet. Light in your eyes, I can't even speak. Do you even know how you make me weak? <3
final four >>>>
"Santa just yammied in your handbag"
Conflictual feelings on this GOBAMA FOR THE GAYS thing...
WHAT EVEN . one week to go till i see . cannot wait :D
I'm about to drift off into a food coma
Oh Mexican Coke, no border fence could keep us apart.
it didnt screw anything, it verified who could keep a relationship
MacBarbie07 i totally love your spring dresses video and im ready to start that high-low hemline trend. Its soo cute! Thx for inspiration (:
Beer breath all up on your face is unattractive.
-smiles back- I love you Cody :)
#Powers, Hide Me Among the Graves. Occult historical cliffhanger featuring Victorian vampires & Christina & Dante Rossetti? The muse bites?
omg omg u follow me ..!!! Omg thank u so much
I didn't know yall ladies got yall eyebrows threaded and shit!! My homey ocky just impressed the Phuck out me!!! skills!!
pick team jacob or team edward? i saw jacob
what u got ps3 or xbox
your gonna go though?
proper vibes! RT : Feel supportive today .. Gonna go buy bunch of music
tweet tweet lol
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
trying my hardest not to burst out lauging while listening to 'call me maybe'
When was the last time the #Brewers had a 1B, 2B, SS combo as weak as the ones hitting 6-7-8 today?
- who REALLY cares ? Who in their right mind ?
I'd start there to pull him towards me with my right finger, while my left hand traces up his left arm to that vein only to
Your welcome anytime you need to talk to anyone don't hesitate :) I got you homie
put that hyena in freakahn zoo.
I was wrong in my e-mail, the Badger game that day is at 11.
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.  Benjamin Franklin
HAHA! I totally freaked out when idgie started doing it. apparently, i am that overanxious mom.
ok sounds good 
I'm Online Now :)
thanks for the kind words!
I just received two huge boxes full of Ralph Lauren petite pants and sweaters, plus adorable hats galore for Mom + Kid Swap!
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. -Dalai Lama
This has been a great Twitter night already in my first 10 minutes of bein on #nba nd #nfl signings
my sister used to eat ketchup and white bread sandwiches #mysiblingisweird... am i right ?
Actually, I don't think I should be looking for him. I feel he needs to look for himself right?
Boo you whore!
#userfocus part of professional development as IAs needs to include "refocusing" and "reframing" per Morville
I kind of wish Teixeira wasn't up in this spot.
You are a inspeartion to me I finally came out the same time you did on your old show
Feels great going back to the gym.
Fattest snare ever. Girls girls girls.
Get special! This wknd's special is the RAMON OMELET! A mix of Chorizo, black bean, cheddar with fire roasted salsa on top! Have one. Now!
I'm not feeling the whole make myself presentable and associate with people thing again tomorrow
hm i technically had a mini three some with two guys, not sex but yeah.. i'm 8th grade..
that's great! I've loved her forever and recently moved to South FL and I've never seem her before so it's one of my Dreams!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
text me i lost ur numbers
Just watched Florence + The Machine Live on Fuse.
Dear God, please be nice to me today and help me get noticed and followed by the beautiful Jasmine:) Amen!
Oh my god hahahaha. I love when people scream at eachother. Its the most entertaining thing ever.
Join tonight for Nathan Dye, , tonight at 6pm. Happy hour to follow!
look up the song hold onto the memories on YouTube .. would that be a good one 4 the video?
Mayweather is so full of himself.
I think I need a brand name, and where did you get it?
We open at 9pm now! No happy hour. But more fair prices on our regular menu including our $3 Snow Cones.
at least you're collecting badges as you go
New south park >>>
Thought-provoking conversation with students about why no inoffensive male equivalent to "tomboy." My beginning writers rock.
ah that sounds flipping amazing.
Answer: Roast Beast (in Dr. Seuss's "How the Grinch Stole Christmas")
Important text update; "Party Girl is the only movie the dude who played the hot falafel guy was ever in." -
cool.. only things i see here in ky is an old tub or potty with flowers in it on a persons front lawn!
If you came to get me in Knox I can throw you twenty when we get back in town lol I'm tryin to see my mom on mothers day!
you are amazing and fuck kelly you are a star and I'm really sad to see you go you were and are one of my favs!!!
you say you don't lie about all that, yet after school you had your arms around, not one, but TWO girls. one being mj. #dumbasswhore #wow (x
Yay!! Just got a part in a spy thriller to be shot in August... I get to be a little like my girl Nikita... Holla!!
If I were given the chance, I'm not sure that I would take it all back, but I would definitely change things.
Any news on the #newarchivistsRT?
I want some hash browns and eggs...who cares if it's 8:30pm, #breakfast rocks!!! :D
All this talk about cam newton! We dolphin fans are more concerned that we ended up with Matt Moore :)!
Great finish for and the to pull out the win.
Basketball insight and wisdom follow:
thanks for the invite.
I am sad to learn that one of my favorite singer, #WhitneyHouston, has passed away. I know she will be missed.
Is something wrong with the U.S. economy? I just bought your 10 million dollar house for $50 bucks.
can I hit u up with my soul sister
Bye bye unc
I will keep you posted on how this one works. I am supposed to hit my goal weight on June 27th, according to them.
I wonder if May has it mixed up. April showers bring May flowers, not the other way around
RT : Listening to ? He just asked the people of Sacramento to call & give your opinion of the Maloofs. 1-800-636-8686
"Writing is its own reward." ~ Henry Miller
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3c45
Jacky Has My iPod She Literally Controls My Entire Internet Social Life Right Now(:
OMG this movie is killin me.... BET be doin the most... its #Trois2 yall smdh
come in to BDW today! and get a green chile cheese dog combo for $5.99. Just say you saw it on FB...
Spa day in Richmond with the girls!!!
#MLB looking to ban drinking in clubhouses...Senators urging to ban smokeless tobacco in MLB?!? Seriously?!?
#OdetoOldFlames is coming! I produced a real soulful duet w/ and .....can't wait till yall hear it!
Cancer free is the way to be! Biopsy came back negative--thank goodness!!!
A big penis doesnt always mean hes a pro in the bedroom. So dont try and use that "i gotta big dick" shit on me. Takes more than that :p
Z. In other news, it's Friday. RT : Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Temperament=a predisposition to react in a particular way to stimuli
congrats on the new target business, !
Good Morning Everyone! It's overcast here in Melbourne, but great light to shoot in!
personally, i think harmonicas are really sexy and they do not get played nearly enough in music.
Every field is especially blind to its own methodological shortcomings. The internal debates are always smaller-scale.
You'd think writing a bio of your own life would be easy... had to write two today for completely different events and that was a challenge!
It was so encouraging to get a handmade and handwritten note in the middle of tech! Thanks again for your support!
It's $5.99 sale time at Great Clips.
Voter drive marathon weekend!
only in San Diego.
Cristiano ties it up for with :16 left in the 1st
SO I SEND my prayers out for your brother's fast recovery which prob wnt be that fast like ten days lol poor guy
Wow, no youth baseball games today. Relaxing, cleaning, organizing.
Oh Brownback. You are all the very worst things about Kansas, rolled up in a smug ball that wants to get up in my business.
Well if you never want a game to be decided on a call then take care of your business then still a good game by both teams
Happy St. Patrick's Day! My band Georgia 61 will be playing the Spring Green music festival in Lawrenceville tonight!
Another great evening at the Harpole Awards. Thank you for hosting a great event!
just got dont shooting hoops
New flash. Not the sharpest at sports. What did CJ do?
Man!! That would be so sweet!!! Truly a dynasty...
Live Your Dreams.
glad you came the wanted
Getting ready to send out some NOLA goodness to 4 different time zones, 12 pies at a time... Thanks, FedEx.
Gnarly storm just descended instantly upon Philly. I bring crazy weather with me on this coast.
Epoxy Coatings Can Bring Life Back to Your Floors. We're like Dr. Frankenstein... but for floors.
Rasta Smiley Sweatshirt  Have a Nice Jay Hoodie
I don't need the class! LOL, boss thought I might bring techniques back to my preso class!
playing focused by wale trying to make myself focused on this homework
Major thanks to Karen Miller, Megan Elias, , for a great discussion... some great history instruction happening at CUNY!
Me and the boys been snuggled in the house all-day today omg we need snow so I don't have to work Monday
I wanted to go to the Auto Show. Instead I'm getting my automobile fixed. Ugh! SMH!
oh I'm sorry I am in oregon
good morning everyone [:
Winspincic with client excitedly await best of the year awards for products and projects. Cindy Allen greeting guests now.
Just watching the tour on DVR HD. Great sprint with Armstrong at the end. Couldn't quite get it. Great job overall!
I will go out and do a dance for the Sun Gods. Back yard where no one will see me.
I think it goes for any airport... People watching is amazing
SHIT! It's been 32 min and stuck watching reruns of Crossing Jordan. #knowagooddivorcelawyer?
Do you have issues? Like leave.
the mall is attachment central.
I'll add 7 to that. RT : Can't wait to not sleep for the next 3 days.
I sure am!
it's Jesus day, all I can do is blaspheme.
dude. Your tweet made the cover of Flipboard. You're famous! And I know you! Whoopee. Susan
Listening to Simon & Garfunkel this am. Yes it's dad rock, but know what else? It's pretty damn good
: Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good//amen!
if only i could ship them! lol
#HowToGetRejected yo MySpace page still says.. "Under Construction" 
If Spain scores less than 3 goals on Saturday the man of the match would probably be Joe Hart
Mark from la fitness always calls me.. I think he has crush on me hahahaaaa!
Update: I'm not dead but still hating life. Hey guys sup
Sometimes we have to erase our history in order to write our destiny!
I will not bend break or fold!
A ten second match? Really?
for now on its BLOOD BATH..to u bitchess lol
Ain't it crazy what yo lady will do for a pair of Lou's?
Dinner w/fam, good food and good laughs = wonderful ;)
good stuff! I plan on going there for #NewYears to visit my cousin who is a recording artist
Are we sure he's the Good Eric, though? He might be Evil Eric in disguise, and we won't know until gets here!
Bron was not looking for his shot. They playing hot potatoe
Does anyone know why the bike lane was packed with parked cars the entire length of Spruce yesterday? Bugged the hell outta me.
Ok, Ok..along with all the zany holidays I already mentioned for today it's Winnie-the-Pooh Day, Shark Awareness Day & Personal Chef's Day
This time they tweeted complexity of life
how's your twitter action?
The Heat just converted the fastest break I've ever seen
Blasphemy! Managing editor Anita Samen would do away with the en dash!
bacon apple? I just had it. Delish!
If i knew who killed me (if it happens) i would haunt them and see what they do.........
haha blocked one against the wall
Taking care of the household this weekend: & yesterday, & today
Gay gay gay
How was Brenda Laurel's presentation? Think that it might have struck a cord - even though it wasn't just about Black girls.
It's not attractive.
good morning. Thanks for the follow!
Hopkins launches beta today
cant wait till i get your book!! it will be legit;)!
There's nothing like the sound of thunder and rain to get me into the studying mood. Definitely time for lounge pants and hot chocolate.
callback for international commercial today
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!
Sometimes the one love you can't get over is the one love you never really had.
YOU TOO! How is that beautiful city of yours??
Lookn forward to the Middle of the Summer. #MeekMill voice
I still am but have to acknowledge bg's amazing dunks..btw that was an impressive w by the heat last night
THANKS HE IS GETTING SO BIG AND IS DOING SO WELL NOW.HUGS TO U ALWAYS.
Time for Joe Pa to hit the retirement home. Sad way to go out.
Despite dangers U.S. teens text and drive: poll
What is a hurricane's favorite pet?-Anywhere from 1 to 5 cats
Can we try one more time, i'll make it all better, cause it's gotta be you
thanks buddy, I'll text you tomorrow, it's going to be a LONG day
White people are afraid of Black people...Black people are afraid of crazy White people.
he's a pussy
I wonder if we can get #FollowMeRobert trending lol
Thank you for your blog, I have learned so much !
Alarm clocks give me heart attacks in the mornings! I Cant bare it!
Follow the doctor stalker
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
I'm like the first & last piece of bread in the loaf, nobody wants us. :(
I like! :) Nice choice of videos lol
yes that's an answer..and it's a good one!
The one in Camden. I had to double check a map to see if it was actually in MPLS proper. It's way up there.
You a jokester huh?
My USA boys are leadin 4/2 after the first day!
thank you for being a really great and wonderful friend jess
Flash is used 90% of time. Windows media is also good for PC only use.
Chillin bouta get in traffic, wit Mamiv an Ms.Chocolate drop Leah lmao! What are y'all doin???
Crazy how you develop feelings for a person.
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
i thought you were on live stream
Weeds is one of my favorite shows!
LOL...Free is so seductive that it probably has bitten all of us...
The fact that I already have two strikes against me is a huge strike against you.
lol, don't worry your Heat won't get 2 play them!!! Haters
Shewt... It might've been from John piper, or maybe Donald miller.
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "one of the coolest and funnest games ever. Very addicting" by Elaine
#winning RT : Whoever flagged the fake tweet is disrupting today's impromptu twitter class on fakery and disruption.
Museum open 10am-5pm Tuesday - Sunday. Last two weeks of beautiful Alfred Shaheen Hawaiian textiles exhibit. Don't miss it!
I dont ask for much but I do thank too much!
Take time to count your blessings today!
I had fun with afta shock SD
why library experience required? I was totally new to libraries when I started.
Pedestrian killed on the west side. We think she wasn't paying attention so she got what she deserved. When in doubt, blame the victim.
I am really surprised that my local uni's library won't let me have access to journals even though I'm faculty at another college. (1/2)
um I'll think about it
lol but Justin is very important to me
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake  you cant learn anything from being perfect.
Babe is crazy as ever. I will never give up tap water, but I gotta say the new Brita filter on Lau 3 is bomb
Hm....ever read The Executioner's Song? Might take a year but quite good.
The Sultan of Buffalo Sneezes #coworker is back from her 2-week vacay. Drat. Just in time for allergy season
Gearing up for #Hawaii-style holidays. Join us...for a getaway stay, a holiday dinner, or just to reconnect w/friends & family. Mele, mele!
Dis douche tweeted me sum BS earlier! Lets #CyberBomb his ASS!!!
purple swag!
I used to LOVE doing that as a kid.
Hope everyone's been having a great week so far.
I only wish I knew!
I'm Todd O'Hara, CEO of , a free Chicago-based app that gives you cash rewards & donates to #charity on every purchase!
u do and I'm one of them
That would be handy! I like chopped up, roasted green chile in my Deviled Eggs!
Cheers! RT Finish line, baby.
who was in your scene in PLL?!?! Did you meet any of the girls?
hmm, maybe that's what Shoppach's trying to do with his bat...
Why can't you?
Hahaha- I wish!
Never give up
I think Rob Deer actually played better than Weeks. Even though Deer struckout just as much, at least he was hitting the HRs too.
Maybe by 2022 we'll just download the 1950 census directly to our implanted storage device!
where's waldo!
Finally actual dinner after a few pre cursors. Oh and it's a Tapas restaurant this could get exciting.
We are pleased to host our Mothers Day Gift Show with #Jewelry by and #Handbags & Accessories by this weekend!
FOLLOW ME
Thank you to EVERYONE who voted! We're so proud to have won especially cause it is an award chosen by the public! Have an Amazing Monday
we're coming for you chicago.
..show you never ending love
what's the point of coming to school any day....
I love the anchorman
WE LOVE YOU! X ALL YOUR MAHOMIES.  follow back?
Hey everyone it's christmas party tonight. Make sure to head over then for a night cap head to Judge's
Excited to have you head up to the booth next year!
It's cruel and unfulfilling work.
Happy Mother's Day love!
Opening the new trash bag was awesome when I was little!
i want to live in bobbi's world. (could we change the lyrics to "bobby's girl" and perform this as an opener for alan jackson?
I ONLY ROCK WIDD WIT PPL DAT ROCK WIT ME :) NBS
Morning tweets! Getting ready to hit Wal-mart. Need to go early before it gets crowded. Have a good day all!
so you're sayin she ain't sexy?! How many beers till I'd smush
Strive for perfection settle for excellence.
LMAO - you may have just started the new maker trend!
I promise. In the meantime, here is my gift to both of you:
" im so sick of being single" sit your ass down..
I hope I make it to wrk on time
"Quite possibly the funniest night of my life. My stomach hurts from laughing" ----Agreed!
I'll Love You Til The End .
The weather is perfect today!
"well...i sucked today..." Tom Brady
I love Tom Brady
Chy but everybody calls me Honey
I'm the HBIC. Never forget.
I know, we're closing Nov/Dec so slammed :( Going to try to visit at some point though! xo
Rick Pracey from the Avs to talk hockey now! Get a closer look at the Avs' draft, including first round pick Joey Hishon!
Enjoy your day! Xoxo
Beautifully written
I appreciate anyone who is interested in me. Its all good. Back to class. Have a good one
Although it may feel like it at times I never believe that #dogs are purposely trying to add stress to our lives!
we need to hook up soon to party it up babe!!! Miss ya !!
Thank You, Melissa...You too, awesome author. Read Jealousy's Rage!
Smell that? Smells like a delicious sausage biscuit. Try adding egg, cheese or hashbrowns to make it even better.
When it's good, it's good. But when it's bad, it's all bad.
On my way to Italy for a performance. Definitely stop by and pick up an application from Team Leader Michelle :) I'm back Tue
Time shared is the most precious and valuable we have together. We cannot keep it, but only slow it down. Like sand running thru our fingers
thanks for visiting and sharing our website! :)
Responded to FIRE @ 167 Post Ave, Westbury, NY 11590. Red Cross auto update.
I hope you will get one from on 9,000th tweet :)
Huh, interesting. Mine was there right when they announced it.
Can I come on tour with you? I can manage something, like the lingere?
Those are just accessories. You can sell the wine through us. We ship in 2-3 days. We can do a 1 to 10,000 bottles.
Taking a break from my studies and bowling a few games with and friends.
you just broke 500,000 while in ATL. big things there.
Rehearsal is complete at the main stage theatre for the Global Collection
Great show tonight, sorry I had to bounce early...You guys killed it, so exciting!
Welcome To Twitter Mrs. Colbert!!
One reason God created time was so that there would be a place to bury the failures of the past..
Can't decide if I should eat before bed or not. Am I really hungry or just think I'm hungry? Here goes another trip to the kitchen to gauge
AT2.0, Update 13 includes performance updates for Assessments module (& 2 new fields) as well as compatibility with Java 1.7
are we ever gonna chill and scream dude?
Says a lot that I've caught up on a month of #HartofDixie in two days. This show demands a renewal!
Kelly Kelly Clarkson
Kimberly's daughter didn't know how to make tomato soup. Can your kid do it?
Hello tweeters! Don't forget to check us out in Burbank, CA at #hollywoodshow. Great original memorabilia at WHOLESALE prices :)
So sunny and hot and me working :( I was supposed to be on the bach right now lol
- Tried sending u a DM but wont go thru unless you're following me also... Let me know when u follow & I can send u all details.
This Sunday it's goin down! The GHost Inside @ Shadowplay Lounge!
Note to my family, the bathroom is NOT a gathering place
Everyone go follow please! She needs more followers! Thanks(:
it's their rules...crazy Apple people.
Please welcome LastNameRamsey to the Max life
u will be missed in a bronco uni but im glad ur leaving on ur tearms knowing u can still smash players
The freedom I feel when I leave work is absolutely amazing.
Anyone attending Splendour - Keep your eyes out for the Sabre photographer to get yourself featured on our twitter, Facebook & our blog.
only if they're made from real pony meat.
ok..youre on my list for when im back from this Peru thing
Congratulations to the newly elected #NASPA leaders and board members! Two strong leaders from to represent!!
On this plane next the redeye
Sorry I missed you guys. Got to conji really late because of a car accident i was involved in on the way there.
that's like a "Hulu exclusive day rate"
Can I get a refill?
my  skips skips a beat
I love you ! <3
while its time to move on, the outpouring from my team is extremely touching.
Me either! lmao. I still have like 60 pages.
That was fun.
they rep both NY and CT based talents.
Received a notice about Maifest/Volksfest. A band named Das Ist Lustig is playing & I can't stop repeating it in my head.
why would you guess ?
it was so busy at work today so I tried to stop people from coming haha
Niggas envy what they see Out of sight, out of mind So I'mma go on get ghost for a minute
LePage to unemployed: Get off the couch and get a job. Unemployed to LePage: Sorry, sold the couch for some food!
Different kind of folk dance referencing (I'll say) at.Nokia for that Greek songster Yanni. On same day as Mark Morris's Greek allusions.
i don`t need your $$ i got My own . so Lets get that straight now .
you better call me when you get here!!
I haven't checked in a while since I'm on Caribbean island and don't really go anywhere :)
well, it was a little awkward watching him troll various dating sites... ;)
In addition, said that following twitter chats helped prepare him for the expo and researching companies before hand
thanks! I use blogger, but need a second blog set for a private group & have been curious about wordpress....
Release the Kragen!
Give my best buddy a follow. Currently works for and the Great organization, better people.
The Tradition 1867 After losing her father, a woman unwittingly takes a job as a maid ...
look like I gotta visit again ok
I didn't mean to!
For deep cleaning, evaluate the nature and extent of soiling before deciding on the cleaning method.
CBS: DOJ says: Woosley submitted or caused to be submitted approximately 13 fraudulent travel vouchers to ICE, at a cost of $50,637.
A migraine right after you got home? That stinks! Glad it's feeling better!
Eating at cheddars with the family :))
Only in my sick, twisted mind hve I witnessed that. If you only knew... ;-)
I'm so thankful to be a New Yorker. I love this city, it's people, it's heart and it's soul. It's truly the OZ I always imaged as a kid.
Bob Wells~ For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Tonight! We perform our best crap from the last four years!! 8pm BE THERE OR BE...there. You have no choice.
RT : Photo: Here's a fairly solid quick look as to what works at what time on Pinterest.
Okie dokie. Gonna pencil you in! :)
What time does the SPCA close???
Oh, shocker, Jimmy Fallon couldn't hold it together during a sketch.
Such interesting thoughts
Hw the fuck is Man Overboard trending? They're shit live...
I hate when u explain how to do something basically hold their hand thru it and they still mess it up!!
Coming down to the end for the weekday pledging...now is the time...612 529 5236...jazz88fm.com...THANK YOU!
The Sass Pistols
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
New obsession =
Yes, it was, so sorry!
works great! 1pm work for u? Looking forward to it!
UNF Students: Watch the World Cup on the 1st floor of the !
I haven't, thanks for tip!
Do you have any baking buddies in Iowa to do a July wedding for my sister?
#HowToPissAFemaleOff- when guys don't stand up for their girl, Why does it seem like I have more balls than you in this relationship..
Uncle Remus' popularity = "Harry Potter x Twilight." Lain Shakespeare
Said a prayer for safe return of Moriah & retweeted. My heart goes out to the family
Think positive thoughts ---> a positive outcome will develop. I've tried it, it's true!
my sister, has given my babe, man, Hun .. her approval!! *clapping hands* its only been over half a yr but finally!
Danny's reading series tonight- 7:30 at one of the best bars in town.
miss you dude!!
: is coming to Wichita! I'm fucking sreaming!
GREEN GREAT SHOW IN NEW ORLEANS..NO4.
i keep listening to 60's 70's music man and i am not even from that time i am 23. this music keeps me happy every day
I always wanted to start a book club.
and don't approve of my playing games at the dinner table
So much fun-and stuff to buy!
hm good bad and the ugly. sounds quite familiar
Check out our Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird videos on the Locust Productions Facebook Page. Support local theatre!!
Yes this is a writing center
dawg we need the code to boost our followers turbo style lol
are y'all coming to Montgomery
Is this a basketball game or a dunking contest. Who do u u think us going to win
I tend to skip lunch so I can get to the gym. Put cake in front of me...rethink strategy. Glad ur home safely!
Today is the last day for the BMW contest. Make sure your friends tweet us that they're following us because of you.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY NEW BEST FRIENDS TODAY AT SCHOOL
any luck with an ID? I almost had something going but they guy backed out... haha
You can read more about the workshops at www.HowToModel.com. Hope you can attend the workshop.
Just spent time with the IU family...now for more quality time!
I'm sick but I still have to go to school... FML
Can't sleep knowing that my Grandma Millie is gone forever. Went to the wake tonight and it was so sad </3 I miss you
If she was really a 'good fairy', she wouldn't have turned little bunny foo foo into a goon. These are things I ponder before bed.
writers block ugh!
I would digg the Bury Brigade in a sec!
what about sidekick?
Keep forgetting you guys are like 1000mi North of us. Guess you see the Northern Lights sometimes.
It's 84 Which Means Time To Show Sme Skin :)
Need my list too lol jk
thanks Felipa - I will take a look
RT: I don't know why but I feel like I am the one
Will you please inform us when the NCAA interviews his Bus Driver and Lunch Lady? That will totally shock the world!
And that was my 15 mins of depression on to something else
Damn my phone finna die 0_o
I know!!! scary stuff man, scary stuff. We should try to catch up beyond 140 characters sometime.I'd love 2 hear more about U.
Being single doesn't mean your weak it just means your strong enough to wait for what you deserve
Glad to get out of Easter mass and see an #Arsenal win.
yes. Of course.
Heading to Indy for a few!
: I'm gon just show up and eat! I might bring the plastic/paperware lol-_____-
Stop looking at what you don't have and start being thankful for what you do have. #I Need Money
Exactly. Going to kings island last friday was the most I've done in months ....
There really is nothing better than chilling out in bed watching movies all night with my love
Baltimore will lose to Cincy so don't give up hope of first round bye yet.
sweet man, can't wait to see them.
Eggs of an hour, bread of a day, wine of a year, a friend of thirty years. Italian Proverb
well not Monday but this week.
Headed to with Caroline for our Mom's Club infant play date. Fun!
WHAT THEY'RE DOING TONGUE TIED OMG
follow Laze on instagram : follow Lokii jays twitter
help us with this local peace officer memorial Rt please
umm im confused?
don't we all.
Are we talking jewel case? And how many pages?
thanks sweetie
which is exactly why i don't jump whenever i'm asked out. i just politely say no & go about my day. guys only want one thing!!
Twitterville make it a great day!!!! Remeber, Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Plus he's gotta be right one of these years right?
thanks  NY Times coffee column was by . Fave line: "Reporters are expected to call experts for comment, so I did."
Yeah heard that.
It's not too late to secure sponsorship opportunities for the 2012 NAMI WALK! www.namisandiego.org/namiwalks
Glad you could make it! RT : great turnout, food, & guest speaker Mayor Barrett at the annual membership meeting
If you're pregnant during mothers day, you don't qualify for chocolates n flowers.
#ideas2action u demy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online & free.
Homework. Outside. Eat. Shower. Sleep. :D whatta wonderful sched!!
we're training the next generation of online organizers
follow me cause your awesome!!!!! And cause I love you!!!
Just 14 players have hit 4 dingers in 1 game...including Sean Green at Miller Park and future-ex Brewer Mike Cameron, both in 2002.
Awesome, thank you! I really appreciate it.
Glad get back in the game!! Thanks to everyone who supported me
Great Content..Much Love..Follow Back.
Couldn't find my planner, which my wife immediately located. Then she called me Mr. Magoo. I love that woman.
Thx for asking Tonito. It's now posted on our site.
Think I'm off my Monday night Raw tonight.....
What were you Doug to get a sprained neck/back??
"Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops." - Arsenic and Old Lace (1944)
chin up! (and grab more coffee) it's my IV today.
im think or what haha but your adorable with anything <3 haha best pic ever
My grandma is yelling at me to redo an english assignment, I have an 80 in that class.
Good racing boys!!! Thank you :-)
Newt will never realize that every time he references Romney's aggression, all people think of is his own
Fa~La~La & Mistletoe to you ! #feelthelove fr #GA Thank U for the wishes JB !
Shake it of .
Anyone seen? RT "Catfish": Cant give anything away[...]interesting as #emac student. [...]worth seeing, more than TheSocialNetwork
Cadec Global Launches PowerVue Enterprise Edition, Setting New Standard for Advanced Fleet Management
the one by my apartment does.
Walking Fielder to load the bases with no one out. That's trouble.
: something that sells the city as a destination...a place to visit and maybe a place to live. Just thinking out loud here.
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can "Invest in Yourself" and control your Return! Coach Terry
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
To make the move or not to? So far in favor of the move
true talk
Welcoming new followers - Thanks everyone for the local #CLE support!
Master Chief for VP
love flying Wish I had more opportunity for it.
Tried cross country skiing. Only slightly more enjoyable than downhill. Emphasis on slightly.
Some shit you shouldn't talk about because you know nothing about it
Essex players couldn't receive a ball-in on PONIES with SPURS on!
Happy Tuesday everyone! It's supposed to hit 70 degrees today! Hopefully we can all get outside and enjoy it!
2 things about this restaurant: the toilet seat has controlled temperature capabilites, and they play klezmer music in between Rihanna songs
Finally our Opening Night lineup! Go Fish. Can't wait for the big game.
Ain't that the truth bro. Don't forget the black women trained to emasculate bros
and use "like" in every damn sentence
Sunday night means thinking about the work week ahead - what are you going to do this week to make your business boom?
I'm gonna need my bed to stop calling me...
Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
OMG YOU FELL FOR PHIL MCKRACKEN. CLASSIC.
yep its a mommy and four little piggys :3 I saw them on the side of the road
Bo Jackson can do anything.
is getting 1.4B ad impressions/ month (and that stat doesn't annoy me, because their opt in/out targeting is thoughtful)
Hi! Let me show you how to feed Twitter to FB one of these days. Your life will be at least 40% easier. <3
Good morning all! Wishing everyone a happy & blessed Tuesday!
the way shannny is handling playoff suspensions is absolutely embrassing. The is a joke
Words cant even describe how badass The Avengers was. Cant wait for the sequel
OMG! Come on Tom Brady!
not if it's done the right way
Good Morning, Happy New Year's Eve, Eve! 2012 is your year!
Transformers 4 I don't care if Michael Bay can blow up anything and make it look awesome. With out Megan fox's random "Ohh" face... no good
She did sound like doing anything about it was a burden, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATTIE!!!!!!
Porn has two volumes. Mute, and too loud.
Beautiful #may day :)
RT : 2 hours until #MOMeoChat @ 8pm MTN/10pm EST Putting a Stop to the Gimmes! How to Handle Entitled Kids w/
Congrats!!! and i think some happiness is in order, happy early Birthday Be safe Enjoy your iPhone <3
San Diegoan? What is this Anchorman? Welcome to America's Finest #craftbeer City! Cheers!
Need someone to text... Any takers?
I don't think you realize, I was dying inside.....
and my self will be there, first bout since Honolulu! Excited!
Keep Oregon... Weird?
Just saw the spread for the game on Saturday is 40, yeah 40
You killed it!!! Remind me of Chyna White, but BETTER!! You did your thing!!
RT Advanced People Search.....I've found shoe designers,onomastic experts,you name it!
What do you guys want to talk about in our next video? :D
Hm.... nothing better then... Baked turkey meatballs... with Cheese... On toast! :)
: Time to make the Doughnuts!! (any way to get Phil Simms off InsideNFL? he is killing me.)
Trying to get use to running in Vibram FiveFinger shoes. They feel very different and look ugly but they are supposed to make me super fast!
RT Win tickets for the Texas Testosterone Event! Submit your fav. submission to . Include info!
haha! Good point! Hope you are well.
Justin Bieber on #TheVoice? Really? Guess they just wanted ratings, but isn't The Voice stands for everything not JB?
Any news on your cousin?
unfortunately no Supreme, they usually keep their gear N their own stores...
Welcome to ! RT Happy NEO Monday, welcome to our 12 new employees - such great talent!
Just Announced: this Friday at Redamte Coffee House! Come check out Madison's newest coffeehouse w/ great music, food, & drinks!
": New Music releasing today Feat #hear my cry RT"
Your the best nicki
I did I live in VA how have you how is Careon?
Imma send a sexy picture to remind you what you're missing... Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
thank you! :)
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great week!
hahahhahaha see I accidentally tweeted that on her account... Woops.
The sad thing is I am so #singleforlife ! 
Guess I'm not going to work today
Yeaa , its cool .
Every time George Lucas redoes a Star Wars movie he makes it clear that all the worst parts were his own favorite bits.
The new 1%: people who use IE6.
god . we need to start hanging out like you live so close to mee! and yu act like i got coodies or something lol
All I have to say is FUCK YOU JEPH LOEB! FUCK YOU!
Starbucks will be giving FREE brewed coffee all Thursday if you bring your own mug. Take that tax man!
I'm on twitter, so if you have one, you can tweet me! Fallow me ;)
Debating the hardest decision of my life on a day to day basis. Where to eat lunch in nola?
Wishing I were raising a pint in Midtown NYC with and the rest of the boys. Happy St. Patty's day!
Beautiful pics..keep up the good work!!
i love you Kenzie you are always there for me you got my back always and forever
8 year olds today have Facebooks, twitter, phones, ipods. When i was there age, I had a coloring book, crayons, chalk, and imagination.
I cant get over that that actually happened. Im proud of myself for not hyperventilating like I did almost 4yrs ago! haha!
Thank God for
Let's go White Sox. Get that W.
Agreed. I'm working on 2 projects inv urban renewal: 1 in Charlottesville VA ca. 1960s, and 1 in Cape Coast, Ghana, current.
as someone who grew up in the texting gen, I'd say I've only seen 10 of these used. This is highly exaggerated.
From a client on friday. "Thank You. It was our pleasure. This was such a great experience. Can't wait to see the final products."
Bout 2 Upload it Monday. Can you email me the beat & clean versions so I can make my mixshow versions of it RT :
whats good fam, u going to ciaa/promoting any parties there. yours truely & considering stop'n thru the tar heel state!
GIS crew at #cchaiti #dc is in a separate building away from the main hiv. Learning the ropes on QGIS.
I guess Thibodeau's out for coach of the year... Vogel!
Me too! lol:)
nice shot!
trying to study...but designed personal business cards instead...
they are called queens....
Listening to author of The Radical Leap Reenergized: Doing What You Love in the Service of People Who Love What You Do.
First the earthquake, now Steve Jobs resigns. Where will we find the strength to carry on?
It's after noon.
It's a hard blog life, for sure.
Lmao you cold as ice
i like this song :D
The dumba55 JoePa impersonation has got to go!
that's twice in one day! Hello my name is Monica and I will be your stalker today! Lol
Is use of 'cherry-pick' offensive in that context?
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
And who TF is lightin fireworks!
so tired right now,
YST's TLP needs help finding following for our clients: cooking pots, pans, towels and sheets (queen or full size). Thanks!
and wow Lamar Miller still available??? Kid is definitely going to be a starting NFL RB. Great value in round 4.
Dr. Maness BrainTek Institute Now Include Passion 4 Life Liquid Vitamins Minerals in Treatment of All Patients with Stress, Depressio...
RT : Have a friend that wears sandals with jeans all the time? He hits on your girlfriend when youre not around.
RT Date? Ha! Never left the house. ;)>>>I know, and you never called. :(. :). Be well.
please dr.drew share
FlatHatEnt Presents: 4th Friday's at Capri's Lounge Grown & Sexy Affair..... #Come clean or dont come at all
On a side note, that was the first email I received from twitter with their new @ reply notifications!
1. Buy Hamster. 2. Name Hamster virginity. 3. Lose Hamster. .....Close enough (._.)
Tiger could do it. watching this is about as much fun as im capable of having. Cmon tiger!
Going shopping with grandma tomorrow :)
:) and its crayyy
Glad you enjoyed "Founding Rivals!" Thanks for recommending to friends.
I wonder NBCSports will pre-empt the #Rangers vs #Capitals game at 4pm if this game goes to OT for a horse race that isn't for another 2 hrs
Dawes? Jesus Christ that's unoriginal. Writing is official dead. Long live adspace!
RT : Lord, stamp eternity on my eyeballs.  Jonathan Edwards
love #libraryschool but anyone else feeling the #eportofolio pinch in their last semester? there aren't enough hours in a a day
just finished my wrapping & now i'm barely able to stay awake long enough to tweet an x-mas greeting. so merry x-mas everybody!~hugsnkisses
Sweet I guess the are opening training camp on
RT : Former NAACP chair Julian Bond to visit #NCAT 4/11. 5-7 p.m., new academic building as part of the Distinguished Lecture...
I was never sleep... RT It's 2012 and racism is still here smh #wake up
Ready for the match this Sunday. Glory Glory Man United!!!!
RT : Just left the mall. Really hoping my wife wants half a giant pretzel for Christmas.
Short hiatus for the holiday, but we're back next week...you guys want a written workout for home?
An hour and a half later and still in line for the iphone.
Hi Lauren!!! & are both the new judges on #XFactor. Any shock or surprise about as a judge?
Helps em make a sammich : The two highest IQ scores ever recorded belonged to women.
reminder: Wednesday (Nov. 3) at 3:00 p.m. - to benefit AEBP 5% of all Whole Foods proceeds from Lamar and Gateway will feed KIDS!
Good morning everyone
My day has consisted of unpacking, doing dishes, doing laundry, taking out the trash, and fixing/cleaning my toilet. I feel so old.
That failed. I'm getting wings and beer instead.
Are you still doing stuff with d6 user_badges?
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I wouldn't get to chapter 4. This book isn't gonna read itself...
what about best cameo ever
yeah you're right
I would tell you to go to hell, but you can't follow directions!
Your girlfriend is rated E for Everyone.
He had my heart since day 1 and I ain't going no where
lmao. We're small but vocal!
amazing post on #Brix!
free yoga for veterans tonight at charm city yoga in towson via Semper Fidelis Health and Wellness
Boy, that escalated quickly...
hey wadown girl havent seen u since since myspace died lol you got a facebook how you been ;-)
can you please give me a shout out please?!?(:
that's why I got off FB. It's just a fucking tax.
: lilq824 Plus they haven't finalized their AHL contract yet with the Hershey Bears.. Forgot about that..
Shine.Follow your dreams.Find your way.Don't let anyone judge you.And don't worry you won't be alone with me there!;)
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked i don't have any kids. .....then when his baby mother come to the door you look like (o_o) Lol
please don't ever doubt my love for you.
He's in my death pool and he needs to stop staying alive.
Waking up lately has been beyond difficult, thinking its the changes in seasons..
would help her operate at her best. For optimum performance, and not for emotional reasons. Kinda make sense to me.
I remember wen I first made a twittering it was a roast fest for a minute lol we was all goin in
Beautiful day! Sun.
glad to hear, thanks. Tonight's broadcast is a good one!
In general, the worse the music, the louder it is played.
Still holding . . .
#Madonna tells her fans they should "save all year to attend her concert" I'd rather burn my money after that show.
too arrogant
God's grace and mercy is free for everyone, no matter how scandalous your past. He's all about second chances!
#KidCudi on the CMAC stage tonight turning the heat up. Anyone at the concert attending ?
Smoking weed is too expensive...not worth it
when did u get out?
R.I.P. The great lady of Disco and Soul Donna Summer. The face of an era. The voice of a sexy angel.
Flying up there to retrieve them if I have a problem with customer service.
That's all we need, people drinking on their way to work.
thats ganna get you in trouble ;D
thanks for hanging out with us in CITYCENTRE last night! Hope you had a great time!
idk, who getting beat up lol?
|#quotes Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
After haveing a bomb ass day yesterday, today is going 2 drag like a queen...
Judging by all the references to sweet tea in country songs, diabetes must run rampant in Nashville.
Flash deal - Check-in with #4sq and receive a special surprise - only today in Coral Gables
Couldn't agree more with you, Mr. Anderson. Love this album.
On a mission to finish some work tonight. Could be a late one.
Forget Christmas! College football has started! It's the most wonderful time of the year! Go
Gig update - Guitarist Graham Dechter's trio this Wednesday evening at Hotel Laguna On The Beach, replacing Josh Nelson.
plz follow me :)
Approaching my 1,000th tweet. I feel like I should say something really important, but WHAT?!
Want free chips, salsa, sweet tea and a chance to get to know our pastors? Come to Salsa w/ the Staff Sunday at 12:15 next doort @ El Cerro
I'm there. Checking my twitter...
I like my whisky old and my women young.
1) advice on building a mentor network for students 2) request for an interview on our business show on campus
Thank you! Hope you have a good one too
Seriously, I love Nickelodeon. A lot.
do u have a website(personal one)?
yeah, when I think dubstep, I don't really think of Diplo, but there's enough good tracks to make it worth $4 IMO
your new avatar makes you look like a rapper in the Eastern Block
Black-Eyed Susan Picture Book Presentation at 9:00 am in Room 347. We'll be sharing next year's nominees and suggested activities.
Also, in that last article, "proceeding" should have been "preceding." #smh again!
I wish #Brewers season would just start already so I could have even more specific reasons to hate corey hart
Of course, this chat is meant to be interactive, so please feel free to chime in at any time with your Qs or comments
Thanks! Lots of owl fun, I'm obsessed too. Email to you soon.
Thanks for following! Hope you are doing great Richard.
Lol is this my reputation now? RT : you should be on speed dial for anything Charlie related lol
I don't really care my hawks won yesterday so I'm happy
sounds interesting!!! Hit me up for time and date
I'm Dat Chick 
I love my new texting app :-)
If I'd had a Swedish edition of I could have made some money. Overall, I think they primarily enjoy Sky Mall.
I'm sure MLK's dream was for one day out of the year we celebrate his legacy with an extra 10% off at Sears
Very, very lucky to have an excellent relationship with my healthy mom. I know some don't have that. Reading tweets about it.
Q6 If I stopped what I was doing everytime the detector beeped I'd never get work done
Doing my 1st set at the Hollywood on Sunset Blvd tonight!
I <3 the ladder! It has transformed my workaday life. I like writing again!
Local News: Billy Corgan stars on new Veronicas song: kinda heavy metal with a super demonic Black Sabbah riff&quot;
are u serious??
Why is it so in to dye chunks of your hair with extreme colors?
taking everything in me to not be a dick about all of this.
now get up ahead of spurs!
Thank You Joan
Very good to know, RT You have 8 seconds to make a first impression on a webpage and 15sec for an email
Need to drink about a gallon of water.
Not to sound like your stereotypical stoner...but bro...i swear EVERYTHING taste super delicious when you're high.
tickets at $25.75 were just released! Pick them up fast! This is going to be a great show! Bush, Seether and My Darkest...
ND putting it on them dang!
FRI Lunch Dessert Special: Dark Chocolate Mousse with Blueberries & Chocolate Shavings
good evening Have not been here in a long time!
Why are lunchables so amazing?!?
Very busy day in the office today! What are you doing to unwind this weekend?
Surprised didn't refer to magazine cover in their segment on breasts. Maybe wanted to avoid a mess?
When God touches you He change Everything. Around you
RIP Donna Summer. what a tragedy
Checkout the sickest clothing on the west coast. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
yeah Dmo won that one
Thanks for the RT! I agree, we need more funding for school libraries
Bush scud in the tax cut portion woulda been a signal to base/lefties.
You have one week left to save up to $70 every month on your mortgage insurance payment! Hurry Time is Running Out!
More coaching calls. Reviewing 360 Feedback Reports with three of them.
Outdoor ice hockey in California? Believe it.
it's mild Mexican and healthier but I don't like the food!
I can't believe I just bought a shirt at Hollister...
super high me
MORE commercials
Only I would be 25 minutes late to my own birthday dinner lol
uh no, they won't be better.
teh rain. it is come.
I WANT A CHINCHILLA!!!!
It's Friday!
Good morning big gray clouds and rain. I've got my hot cocoa, so I love you.
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands. - Michelangelo "
Life is a series of mixed emotions occasionally punctuated by moments of brilliant clarity - Unknown
Watching our boys and gal graduate.
Why didn't we run together?
Loved having my students tweet in class today. #FresnoDLD if you'd like to read their spirited discussion of transactional theory.
Miley Cyrus is back on twitter ! Cambio said this !
and to all of our other new followers THANK YOU for the follow!
When keeping it real goes wrong
I was surprised... but no, she was not! The baby was a beautiful baby girl ;)
looking forward to seeing you Areva, you are a such a positive force in the world!
River Valley results excite mining company
bra get the fck on dude dnt even tweet bck man u kno da deal wit me if it aint bout yo daughter u can go tu hell if i care
UF Provost's office offers seed funding/release time to create open textbooks!
I love Jake Sisk.(:
Yey! Can't wait to see it. Make sure you let us know when you go live.
Wildcats driving...inside the CU 10-yard line
Why can't I be tan.
When's the last time you had a good fart?
On the 8th day, God created M&Ms. I'm just sayin'.
you're a loser.
i dont go back for another week and a halff, youu aare ? aha thats how i feel after summer break.
How the heck are you?!
Congrats Derek Jeter on your 3000th hit and a homer to boot.
GOTTA GO PEOPLE NYC HERE I COME GOING TO SIT IN SOME TRAFFIC GRIPEABOUTIT.COM GO THERE.
Funny that the first laugh today was brought by
have fun at the benefit tonight and thank you for an amazing #DAXX evening and being kick ass hosts!
Hey....I heard you like the wild ones......
I have a love/hate relationship with iMessage.
Its almost Christmas<3 Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
smart man, smart man.
Im home and thinking!!
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return. ~Antoine De Saint-Exupery
Realized I am smack in middle of getting unmarried only to get remarried, just not to same person. Interesting in a complicated way.
last tweet...soon they'll be stealing from aada too...
If Lebron really deserved MVP he needs to show me right now, this is his one chance to make me a believer
na things changed
yeah girl :))) miss ya!
Haha - no, the very cute #jillstuart wedges on But I would like some hairy boots too. where can i get those?
I am a very lucky person! :-)
No Friday Noir for me
Kudos to San Diego Opera. They are serving us lunch at the West Senior Center.
Yes it would cody :)
David Lee~ You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
5 sections of intro + group activity = 100+ books that need reshelving. Thank goodness for minions.
This weekend is gonna be crazy though!! Im city hoppin w/ to rock clubs in Jacksonville & Gainesville!! ROAD TRIP!?
~Hi you wanted to speak about possible collaboration?
Hopefully this tutoring helps lord knows I need it..
remember last summer when was our friend, & ? how times have changed.
Still in TX. Leaving in 8 days. Ur arrows said Dallas & Houston were better than Chicago. So I hit u with the
delivering lineups to umps at Nats-Padres game tonight.. pretty cool experience
damn it's like Dat? Lol
I thought volunteering was going to be fun. Instead I'm in an office by myself organizing papers.
idk i cant run so
yes hun I did!!! Last friday lol
Not that the Tigers aren't capable of coming back in this game, but there's really no way in hell this game should be where it is.
Tears are how our heart speaks when our lips cannot describe how much weve been hurt.
The funnist thing to see on the bus Is a fat bitch with a big burger king bag
I feel the same about those tiny cereal boxes. I usually eat 3x that much!
lollol so true
hey, a little late on the response here but yes..glad we got to catch your set. Really enjoyed your music! Have a great w/end
And so it begins...MNF. Watch Hawks at The Spot. We're going beast mode!
better yet facebook chat me
It's our pleasure Katie!
Everyone at Birdsall Law Offices is wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holidays!
. cautions against having archives intrude into process of artistic creation; the Heisenberg principle may apply. -
Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?
: Can somebody get my Brew City tickets?! I will pay you back! I feel like they runnin out! Lol who's gonna help him out?!
using a law book as a coaster does not equal studying. Just sayin'.
its SAD to watch my team play like shit.......but guess what im still CHI-TOWN BULLS All The WAY!
Working on changes for a client's site...I hope he likes it!!
I freaking love you, mayne.(:
this is the sickest i've been since 2007, when sweat rained down on me from the satellite ballroom ceiling right at the start of flu season.
I MISS YOU RIGHT BACK!!!!!
Hopefully the other ducks will heed warning and play nice.
NUGGETS!!!! Hold on guys!
Great #commencement this week. Everyone should conclude their hooding ceremony with a marching band.
Back home and getting ready for LA
Love venison!
i find the movements that are both extreme left and extreme right to be the most dangerous. Nazis fit this bill.
please identify all the American industries owned by the government
RT : RT : #Phorum12 another great session and great conversations in between faith in #Philly tech restored again
Always restless.
we had the same policy at my high school for prom.
Wow is this for real? Lebrob hitting clutch shots? Holy fuck. The world is ending. Hahagaga
Let us know what type of Phone, and where it crashes and we can assist you! Please email
Nothing much i tryna be like U....You Emporah taking all thr mo ey leaving me eith bunny earsRT : Marc Was Good
On the way to an interview. Apologetic stranger on elvatr, timidly: Excuse me, so sorry to bother you, bt it seems yr sweater is insideout.
Will they just make "ain't" an official word already?
my client meeting went well!! I'm so excited to make this dress!!
omg love it!
Changed my icon o me :)
Congratulations to on her new home!
Green Design Tip: Use a carpet that is made out of recycled plastic. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Yum. Green chile venison.
Today's going to be such a busy day !
If ever there was a way to get Evangelical Christians behind the idea of a Mormon president, this is it.
Get your Apple fix at www.appletekguru.com
Hm, your new BFF is one. I wonder if he'd be up for it.
My cab driver just said he brought earth, wind, n fire into Austin this wk. I told him I'm probably more impt. Pretty sure we're both lying.
Bring your friends to to watch the #RANGERS & #KNICKS play on one of our 30 flatscreen tv's!
Kony preacher in the laundromat.
visit www.rx2you.com for assistance with the cost of your prescriptions!
Not working. I need some
So much happier with a more streamlined twitter list.
Can't get this sign out of my head: "We have growlers of kombucha"
well he lost his skills kuz he can't hoop on this worldstar vid
Shout out to my new followers and thankz
no problem!
does it feel weird to eat without them?
Sounds good! Lemme know so I can put in for vacation asap :)
New York whats up its takin u there right now on clubradionyc.fm
seriously, the way ur eyes look in the #clarity video gives me chills. #mesmorizing <3
The Admissions team is a huge fan of the Food Truck! Looking forward to the truck being near Union Station tomorrow.
Facebook page now up and running. Come 'Like' us - just search for WeBeGreater!
It was amazing!! I love you more and more with each episode. Haha
Awesome to have you here Jacob! There is no fans love like a #SportingKC fans love!
Full flt to Chicago & boarding is taking a while. Let's go, people, bc I need a drink!
So much respect for Taylor Swift.
"Tonight we are young. So let's set the world on fire!"
Using QR codes for the first time today at a regional training event. #QR code
Yay us! RT : Holy Moly. My and 's book chapter proposal got accepted! I'm so pumped!
Is is going down?!
That would work
Thanks Steve! Hope you're having an amazing day.
Doing the "Don't Break The Chain" project :D
(Republican Independent)-Billionaire NYC Mayor Bloomberg and his military Police Use Military Tactics against U.S.Protesters Now Muslim too
Today's thought: "Well done is better than well said."  Benjamin Franklin via &
Floating a loan is a unilateral decision with multilateral casualties if it sinks.
Life is the dancer and you are the dance.  Eckhart Tolle
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it & are a paid member DM me!
Finished The Hunger Games series at 4 in the morning. It was so good!
Wake up. School. Home. Homework. Sleep. And redo it. Every day.
I still love your crazy churchpoint ass <3
EXCITING NEWS FOR SAC SPORTS FANS! prelim #arena #ESC deal reached & make long-term commitment to
LOVE PRINCETON FOREVA
how are y'all using it? On what?
- I raise my hands N the Air from the heart of DC for RED TAILS this weekend!
People treat you with the same amount of respect that you treat yourself with, If u don't have respect for yourself no one else will
Diabetes in dogs really stinks!My Lily has little energy and is blind from cataracts. She's still so cute!
Occupy Columbus Rally today. Geniuses picked a day when the banks, and probably government are shut down. Way to be heard.
Happy mothers day mom! love you so much.
Thanks!! :) We appreciate the follow too!!
I love you and you were right to go after that bastard!! Your ejection was bull!
Love it! Great game! Kings sealed the deal
!video cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
Everyone please pray with me as my mother goes under a surgical procedure on her throat. Thank you all in advance
So stoked. At the end of March I'm going to perform something weird at
lolol so much for having a page to talk about shit... now we have like boundaries. ugh wtfff. are you on tumblr babe?
I ta ta tweeted you today 
you need to! i just re-read them all again in order. started reading harry potter 12 years ago...and they're still good now.
happy mothers day 
Trying to grab dinner with Spokane friends directly across the street from where PAX is taking place.. Not the best idea I've ever had.
Thanks for the support!
Morning. Checkout my videos.
best way to stop a spending problem is take away the credit card. our goverment is using our hard earned money like a credit card
its not much better as a freshman
Ah daily hate mail is entertainment .
Best office answer: Jane's mom gained 40 lbs when she had Jane & her twin, Richard :)
like music to my ears! Good to hear homie ;)
I know, major bummer. I'm planning to come visit CU sometime in mid to late summer. I have to take a "forced break" from work
Can I Hit It In The Morning
Thought it was more important to make sure Al Jazeera could respond than to get bogged down in numbers; see conspiracy if you like
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
"But that was anonymous !!" "Dude..you put you're name on it."
I don't go to Wal-Mart because I spend more time trying to find a goddamn parking spot than I do buying shit inside.
Women 35-54 are the most active group in mobile socialization.
I am not u. U r not me. Don't try to walk n my shoes. Don't tempt to b me. U cannot survive A lifetime of wut I've been thru. SURVIVORMAN.
S/O TO LEVEL 3..JACKSON MISS ON FIRE.THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE.WE WILL BE BACK.NEXT HEADED TO ATL IN THE MORNING
Stop by our Pittsburgh's 50 Finest Event this week: A Night to Shine Glitter Party at Studio Raw this Saturday
When people are out begging for money at Food City. 
Great idea! Unfortunately, this will be happening second semester.
Don't just say you are going to change your bad habits, actually take steps to physically change them.
It's nice to experience the practical and professional applications for twitter first hand. I think I may have caught
if you love me you'll let me wear a kilt.
This game over
Almost. Done.
Need a nap today. Slept for barely an hour last night and woke up covered in random bruises this morning. Either someone beat me....
 Whenever I get mad, I just imagine a t-rex trying to pick up a basketball.
I'll have a threesome wit them well be 3 different types of chocolatethat caramel that milk and that dark... Words from ...
i'm a Ferrer fan in the Austalian Open. it's endurance and heart against Murray's natural talents
prettyv much! Jk. I currently don't have a car, augh
Frustrating that appeals process involves no contact with the subscriber. MVP conference called us in for appeals.
Today is going to be the longest day of my life
hahaa, really kyle?
Haven't been on in awhile cause I moved but I'm on now ;)
Bout that time for round 2 #cardio. Gonna run 6 miles as fast as I can and/or like a crazy person run'n naked..which happens often in
Looking forward to visiting the Lambda Chis at #UMD tonight!
Cant wait to get a new phone... the voyagers internet is definately not up to par! Perhaps the droid is next
WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD?!?!?!
Today in Literary History: Tennessee Williams' "The Glass Menagerie" premiered at the Civic Theatre in Chicago in 1944.
I feel like a change.. I've been the same for too long.. getting ideas now,
Weathery Walk just got added to my shit list. Thanks assholes! I shouldn't have to tell you all my business. What else you want to know?
Does a good employee make a good manager? Good employee turned bad manager equals more charges.
I'm falling in love with you, balloons or no balloons.
Know from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing isn't to stop questioning.
It's always nice to know that there are other people out there in the same postion and you're not the only one.
Crisann guess what
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
Got you followed! :)
Bradie Ewing () drafted by the Atlanta Falcons!! Congrats Bradie!!
Rick's is a bit over run for me.
Decided to switch my beekeeping class to tomorrow w/ Super excited. Wish was here to provide tips.
On my way to check out the new Lush store in Fashion Valley. Could this be the answer to my last minute holiday shopping dilemmas?
LOL! I won't allow you to use the word either!My MIL used it in my house and I shut her down! LOL *not* kidding haha
Haha yes, yes it is :)
Man, really don't wanna go to church
let's make it interesting.... $$$
Dear food, Either stop being so delicious or stop making me fat. >.>
And that was after a stop in Kensington, where supporters are everywhere.
WILL U FOLLOW OR EPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH  HAVE FUN IS ASIA!!
You know you're sick when the dinner you crave consists of chicken noodle soup and orange juice! Yummy! I wish I was at church!
#WorldVision battling #drought by distributing 10k tents/emergency kits over next week in
PopPunkWayo Fest is comin' up fast! Who are we gonna see in the Windy City the 14th of April!?
that's not about spelling it wrong tho. Thats adding a whole word that doesn't even have the same meaning! Of and 've (have)
Hedi Slimane PDC is so incredible. Plus, the projected loop of photos had a backing score by No Age and Ariel Pink. A++
justin and those leather pants will be the death of me .
haha, well that's good. I like to make people laugh :D
i will watch tonight!!
I'd rather watch the Station Agent (again and again) than any Star Wars episode. Just so you know.
Surreal: grading essays re: American Revolution + following tweets re: cops teargassing
lmao did you take that personal figured that was ya fav movie
I already miss
Why should your business use factoring? Because it is a straightforward method to get cash without having to prove credit worth.
I was wondering what the cat on the cover had to do with anything.
Ahh!!!Shopping makes me so happy =) 
Oh really? A budding flosser? Shoot an email and she'll invite you.
Impromptu game night. yeah!
100% kids today have NO imagination at work. It's all done FOR them!
See for yourself. Every week there are over 800 people in this spot. Wow! Celebrities always come through.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you!
En route to Portland for a great SKC weekend! Our boys are on fire and will be there to support an 8th win!!
Heading to Washington DC to get training for the new Drug Free Communities Initiative that we have planned for Milwaukee!
Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for Check the newsletter for details.
please pick me :-) it would mean the world to me and my daughters.
My Auntie House
U.S. 101 open to travel both directions on the Astoria-Megler Bridge after early-morning fatal traffic crash
The whole cuban sandwich story better be true- it looks like you're in a moving vehicle!!
See you there! RT Are you ready for some CONFERENCE? (Sing in line with the "Are you ready for some football?" tune.
bitch im on FSDWRWESDRWES
I have officially named my remote control "Waldo"
So many fanboys! I love it!
definitely not looking like Camilla there.
great night with the best  Laura & Peter 
heart broken so many times-I now have Man's mentality-hope God Can conquer this and make dreams my reality
it's a small price to pay for all that great LA weather and talent (the female kind)
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
Oh Jesus Christ... : I love #Sunsets
so moved back in home, getting the band started again! life is good my friends!
Every time it thunders, Mona growls back.
Canada is taking over ! !
Someone brought a tiny baby kitten into my store And let me hold her I about died! So fucking adorable.
my damn ls
OMG!!! It looks awesome!! Give yourself a big pat on the back, hard work pays off girlfriend, wishing you much success with it!
It's a iPod not a usPod I don't have to let you borrow it if I don't want to.
a sweet tea and an L is the ultimate cure for a hangover
I've never even opened the app
Or you could have him just attend High School in Vegas for a year and he'll be so Blackspanic it's not even funny!
: Is it admiration for the promise of youth, or is it ageist? Should age of author be a factor in judging books?
Thanks, I love the chalkboards and play with them a LOT. Actually have some software I wrote which reads the raw data...
Build-Your-Own &quot;Ultimate&quot; Adobe Photoshop CS6 PC
Shaun White caused quite a stir in the lift line today.
ALERT: send in ur checks 4 the new fundraising campaign! RT : "Uncertainty is the beginning of adventure." -President Nikias
Didn't see the game, but the #Bulls held the Magic to 59 points.
Thank you for following me on tweeter & add me as friends! =)
Public Speaking & English at RT : Hah. Nice....what did you teach?
Thanks Im having a great daay...wishing u the same.... <Zee>
hahahah yeeaaah(: && me & him are together.. he just doesn't know it yet hahah:b
I love when my parents sleep till noon and Ive been up since 8:30.
We've seen unprecedented football from Timothy. I can't bet against the Broncos. If you believe, you can achieve :)
AS LONG AS I'M YOUR HOOKER
Why do they make us buy these expensive text books????? We don't even use the entire book. :-(
um, he is a shitty ginger. Ew. New rule... Avoid Gingers from the boonies at all costs.
Why is it that some of your photos here load pretty quickly while others give me a five stroke head start?
"Wrinkled Was Not One of the Things I Wanted to Be When I Grew Up"
My cousin is coming in from Dallas...it's nice to have out-of-town company sometimes.
8 weeks until i leave this hellhole and go see you one last time.
You all can stop looking now; I've just found the creepiest photograph in existence. Just thought you should know.
lol that used to be our French class but then we have a dif teacher now and makes a learn a lot:( its hard.
FREE STUFF! Follow us for more details!
#ILikeObamaCare so much I'm willing to argue with ignorant teabaggers on twitter until my phone dies.
work in a few hours. 3-945.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring
Thanks for spreading the word :)
So you can get into mid-grade restaurants...duh
Its like, whatever
That's what Steeler Nation is saying! I'm inclined to believe them! Mirror Ball baby!
Yuckylicious: Have a Heart
DING DING DING I think we have a winner... :D
Next person to call me "fat baby Jesus" gets stabbed in the DICK.
"I have a truck I have a truck I have a truck." -Scott Brown, somewhere.
The future is #tech but is, has always been & will always be #media. Period.
Life is like pictures. You can look back on the moments, but you can never recapture them.
Who knows what time it is? That's right! Taco Tuesday at Lincoln's - $3 tacos and Coronas, yum!
sweet, I will have to start watching it then
You should've told me you needed a ride home. ;-)
kudos to (I think it was ) for giving God thx for the weather in Indianapolis! Way to go!
here! Enjoying your beers!
Actually, I'm trying to figure out how to better use it myself. Hope work is treating you well.
Obsessed with counting crows new cd
Let's go ocho
when you get them. Let me know....
Game. Set. Match. It's gonna be OKC-LAL. #Lakers gotta travel and face the very well rested #Thunder on Monday. Yeah. Good luck with that.
Place your order for delicious game day desserts soon! We know how to add some decadence to your Superbowl Party!
is a retard!
you're gonna be with Brit? Too cool! Hope I get to meet you! <3
That rocks! Caught a glimpse of you on the MCF video! I've always thought it would be fun to work in a video game! =D
really what did he say????
Can I please send you my amazing spec of P&R? It has blown away industry writers! Please contact me. Thanks!
It's whatever..
I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men.
USA women's soccer team earns trip to London #olympics tonight with 3 - 0 win. Congrats to Del Mar's Rachel Buehler
i just noticed your really pretty. Idk just thought I should try to make someone else feel better.
Spring is a great time for a body cleanse! Circulatory, digestive, lymphatic systems need to release toxins. Can aid in weight loss
LOL But for real.
COME BUY A JAM SHIRT!
just got a shout out from the pilot on our #jetblue flight. already the best flight ever.
But I still think Game of Thrones should have been animated and the theme music should have been that Black Mountain song.
They would be love turds though....:)
listening to music and you?
you're welcome :) are you guys going to the meet at west tomorrow?
: RT : I like Philly
Cry me a river :-* - Timberlake
Can't waitRT : Boston Accessiblity Conference 2012 will be Sept 15 at Mark your calendars!
Dudes who make a habit of saying "bros before hoes" usually have neither.
Late-night Bach (D major WTC2)
#MegaIIN Feel so centered and empowered after being in Seane Corn's presence!
-- interesting. I believe IBM has ported PHP to the JVM. I wonder how that turned out.
Little girl trying to roller blade at the park with a long skirt...stupid.
: unforgivable. who's cologne is that?
Metz, France...anyone ever been? We found out it's where my ancestors are from thanks to my mom. Learning French and gonna go.
Mixed signals<
Lady Gaga's Musical Tastes Have Always Been Beyond Her Years
here's to hardcore awesomeness and serious sucking. May our lives never be a shade of grey. :P
thank you! You're one of the smartest people I've met. So I'm doubly flattered.
Hey NBA, this is what happens when you let the Hornets and Bobcats play each other!!
great feature!
What's the greatest single game performance you ever witnessed in person? (Mine was S. Green's 4-HR, 19-TB game in 2002)
runnin from the law this easter morning!
Home alone..walking around in nothing but boxers....
me too, i think it was a&e in the 80s and pbs in the late 70s and 80s too, just fantastic entertainment :)
junk in the trunk.
is it weird that I think I SMELL WINE wafting in through the window???
This civilian life got me spoiled not wanting to get up in the morning.. I got to get it together...in class with the sleep monster...
From today I'm an owner of Royal Entertainment, world!))
We await your order!
Success - Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats.
Great point guards kill the #Thunder every time. We have got to find a way to defend against and ultimately beat teams like this.
Boston market got me stuck!
Cant sleep thanks to and I love you
Lone fish tonight.
god damn it :\ I've been texting you like crazy, haha >.< And I thought you needed to know. haha
I THINK I HIT THE PICK 4
Do not give, only to take away, and don't offer just to receive...if you don't care enough to follow through on anything, why should i care?
Aw thanks! <3
whats the time difference between NY and Australia? I think it's 14 hours but I'm not sure
Good workout! Looks like its gonna be a hot one! Gonna try to get some sun today :)
#FavMusic #KCA #BigTimeRush Vote vote vote #BTR deserves to win for there amzing n hard work?
ANAE health insurance program exclusive to Indian Country -
didnt get a single thing done today.
FB bought it, shut it down
Funny how #lakers fans were so happy with that win... LOL... Just wait til next week when ur gettin swept by !!!
- Brandon Inge is officially trending...and you're getting them all! (including this one)
thanks guys!
awww what would i do with out you <3
hey girl how are you
Thanks, Madame Leader. You illuminated the issues. We need your voice more than ever.
Its On The Video Lol .. Bt Its In Mentor ...
today has been a great day to say the least!
i miss monique.
All I want is the GOAT qb on my Titans and a quick, young pg on my Lakers. Oh, and 8 bball games to go as I predicted. Too much to ask? Nah
Do it for everyone else. LOL
That is a good idea. Thanks for bringing it up!
I'm pretty handy with a wok
:0 read between the lines please!
Isnt that so sweet.
And to my utility company: Thanks for sharing the entire community's email addresses. Have you heard of this fancy new trick called "bcc"?
I accidentally got original life cereal instead of cinnamon life. Ill never forgive myself.
The #POTUS was his usual great self delivering his third #SOTUS tonight. Bravo.
Are you feleing (spelling) that yourself is the question?
So close to 500 #Followers guys!! Let's get me there! :) xoxoxo
. says that users, whether crowd or experts, can help libraries preserve/provide access to their material
I do think they do. Games 5 and 6 were discouraging, but if MWP can get after KD a little...
it's an up and coming trend. : I wonder how many people r using to discover hot widows #NYTD
We will! RT : Tomorrow is the with in #Miami at Tropical Park! Who will be there?
If I was on the west coast I'd be watching Glee right now.
Miller says he and Tebow were friends, so change was tough- he misses him, but he is excited about Manning.
he's getting there! : big arms huh? hulk big
you work too hard.
I probably need to start unpacking my stuff. :/
thanks! I appreciate hearing that!
Well I guess I shouldn't be surprised the US lost to England 2-0 in Soccer
Smoking before bed..
On March 29, 2012, President Obama announced his intent to nominate Douglas M. Griffiths as the US Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique.
It's funny hearing you bitch about some guy you liked when that was the same guy I had a couple months before you  #theyneverchange tehehe
He's in custody, yeah yeah. But what is going to happen to those wooden step-stairs?
"The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income #tax."-Albert #Einstein..that's why you need The Jordy Group to file your taxes!
Yes RT : "sandwiches 4 eva" your next tattoo
oh no!! :O that sucks! Haha I'm missing part of my final tomorrow because of the AP test!
If we give in that leaves us with defeat. To live is to let go but follow your dreams forever. Never let THEM go...
aweh(: yeah I'm goin through a tough time. My parents are fighting BAD. and I might have to move an 8th time. it's so scary
Why is my house so cold
#GoogleDrive -- another reason why I love all things Google  -- I can now access all my files from anywhere!!
hey! some of us showered... some of us...
RT With great (magnetic scanning) power comes great (science communication) responsibility.
that is very odd, sir. Lol
 The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. Ayn Rand
Last day of spring break...fuck
Clips from tonight's Fringe looks similar to the movie "They Live". Pretty Cool.
Good Morning everyone, I love when my day starts off like this. Nothing is out of the ordinary & no one is safe!
Just because I have a smile on my face doesn't mean life is easy. I have a smile on my face because I know Jesus Christ watches over me!
not a cute look.
Santorum crowd applauds for global warming.
Love the #Packers first three picks. Answer the three biggest problems from last year... Not so hot on the other ones
Yes. The trumpets were supremely bad-ass last night.
Had a great class this week. Love teaching and learning from the students. Student felt so empowered with info- great feeling!
HOLLER. anyone who wants me to make them an icon just tweet meh:)
Best wishes and have fun to everyone running the this morning!
": I'm just not cute enough for people to like me. #whatever"
"The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term is the indis
Happy Birthday to and !
Thinking About A Contest Of What?
The walking with dinosaurs bit is fucking gold! This special has just proven why it pre-empted 24.
SERIOUSLY. Between that and being poked. And bad Hygiene....
#Brewers tighten it up boys!!! Bring it back babies!!!!! Please!!!!
It's gonna be a very good game
Naw you know I effs with you ! Look in your DM.
Call in now to chat with the Angels of Conversation on the Pretty Girl Rock Show 0n >>>646-595-2679 press 1 to go live!
Why is Call Me Maybe stuck in my head?!
RT Remember this: Everything you do brings you closer to or further from your goal.
So quick to hate and so hard to love
Some people make promises just to buy more time, so don't believe it until you see it.
do good witcha people
i hope will notice me #SomeDay and follow back!! reve krh 
ha I need some
HA! RT : Today must be my lucky day. Got not 1, not 2, but but 4 notices informing I just received 6MM USD. Just have to...
I'm overjoyed w/ the Hudson Loft Series. It results in new friends, books, & ideas for us all. I couldn't have hoped for better. Thank you!!
I feel like people have this fantasy idea that a "perfect relationship" just comes to you.. No, it's the furthest think from easy
Welp, at least when I get back home from going to the library AGAIN, I'll have chocolate avocado pudding waiting for me.
Great article
Don't be yourself for others, let others see you be yourself.
a new & interesting class :) not sure what it means, but as always: more will be revealed _/|\_
A special #ff The biggest reason I watch Thursday nights and a freaking awsome dude
Some guy really changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...wtf is wrong with people!!
going out! Haha idk exactly where but where r u goin?
I was thinking the same thing.
some ladies now days wanna be girls still and some wanna grow up and be women
Obama in Egypt: ...and create a new online network, so a teenager in Kansas can communicate instantly with a teenager in Cairo.
I think he might be two sorcerers.
Prepping for our big company launch. #STAND/OUT will be having an art show, if you have art you'd like to display let us know!
pumpkin carving?! what? where? when? i think you should go with the classic face... or your name :)
Listening to WTF podcast and working on UX design. Good day?
Linda Chavez has some serious self-loathing issues.
How have you been celebrating National Womens Health Week?
Just joined the youth. Minstry in church # team new psalmist
absolutely!!!! I believe in you. Wanted to be on the road too ....enjoy the journey. :) it will unforgettable
Small rainbow over Hollywood right now!
M.O.G. from Warriors.For.Christ
Also, super excited about the Spotify i pad app!!
You don't have to be perfect for God to love you you just have to be willing to accept it
Happy Easter put a cigar in your basket!!!
THINK THIN bars are Cartesian.
Going to da movies and bday party Saturday
I'm watching! Jennifer did really good!
There's a brother at UofC who is working on this exact issue via a nationwide tuition cap campaign. I can DM his info if interested
I use to love Ciara.!!
New vocaloid what do...
I wish I could go to sleep early.
thanks for tweeting !
you guys are making me hungry!
About to give a presentation on Transforming IT in Education to an audience of 450.
#NowPlaying - whenever,wherever,whatever 
call us your BELIEBERS!!
yooo they might not cancle Secret Circle on the 17th there gonna say what there cancling on tv theres a list they pick omfg
Firefly marathon (netflix), crafty fun, then watching fireworks from a boat? Happy 4th of July!
You really gonna argue with me over the internet?? What you gonna do... Put a CAP LOCK in my ass
I'm so sorry ignore the tweet that was sent, I was hacked.
Strippers paying for me to be their bodyguards
I Think I'm Going To Leave Early
Big phones >> small phones
Get excited for 1/2 price #pizza on this gorgeous day. Password: BEAR BEAR PRO
Creating advocacy requires finding the passion ALREADY in your category, THEN attaching your brand to that passion.
Thoughts on best new show? "Outsourced" looks like it has potential, didn't like "$#!@ My Dad Says" much.
I think you and I may have different definitions of "balanced". Agree to disagree until June 5th! :)
"You're shoes are ugly" "So is your face!" Hahahahahahahahahahaha
your welcome sweetie, i hope you have a great day!
just gave my bunny some yumm yumms and watter
Good morning, Nica! Did you get our email or DM? Looking forward to hearing from you!
Friday Morning Crew. It's Cuatro de Mayo - cant wait to act like a damn Mexican for the next 72 hours! (cc: )
Good to know Thx! RT : Kravet has a lush line of outdoor upholstery fabrics.
I can't wait to see you in august in florida again :) <3
Glad you had a good time. Give me a bit more notice and you can have Geek Boy sitting next to you! What's next movie?
wat happen to him .. sounds like benard Hopkins fishy. Get em faber
Dude wow, I did not even realize that game took place at Walter Brown. Amazing how life plays out.
Did you get my email? What did you think?
Glad the weekend is here! The plan is to shop for Christmas, watch football, and play poker online.
Happy MILFY DAY
thank you! I managed to have a great one
What if you believed this to be true? Every aspect of your life is working to bring you closer to knowing your true nature more completely.
Guess I'll be eating chicken noodle soup tonight. Geez!
I had beignets at Cafe Du Monde... DeeeeLISH. and right before bed, no less.
Great! I think I know it like the back of my hand but sometimes I don't...lol
We need to have an all classic rock night soon
Just submitted a huge RFP for an interesting project... Wish us luck.
Me: happy mothers day Mami! Mom: ah thank you baby.. Dont forget I get a gift today AND Sunday... yay for double mothers day! Me: -_-
Well, until you have money, go into Sephora and ask to take some samples of products home. Get familiar with our lines.
What a long drive.
Yes, on average that is so. But for some people in our country, their school is awful, their income is much reduced.
Mike Hess from PopEater.com on the way..
"Every time someone gets on a computer, 30% of them go to #facebook." - according to comScore, as presented by
GL: not a matter of color, act from where your commitments are. Q fr Thuy/AsAm Lecturer: in act of presenting rsrch on commys that reject U
Yes love, we do! We carry Odin, Truefitt and Hill, and Bond No. 9...I def. think you are a Truefitt guy, come see me this week~
You know it!!!!! ...We need to take over management! (:
thanks, it should be fun!
thank you so much Carlos.
love you :)
#YehudaBauer at "no precedent in human history for nazi ideological killing" but it's moral imperative to prevent
Mentally exhausted physically strong and ready to go...not a good combo. Im losing sleep thinking about how im going to do this
I've cut one system - working my brain through cutting a 2nd - cut several specials...
that's weird...
Not even youngster like Giroux says this unless calculated. Confusing us on who to boo: him, Scottie, Jagr, all of the above?
Yes, New Jim Crow so good! We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete? + Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
u really gonna make me cry :'( ur ok with that ?
Enjoy the moments, they are character defining
is it okaay for Thursday if I have a digital clock on my desk?? Can't tell time very well.
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by NEETTA BLACK - (The Strong Collection) - at amazon.com.)."What Does It Take To Be A "Black" Man?"
I don't even know what to think or feel anymore...
The real question here is how many Plumlees does it take to lose to LeHigh?
Loading images from Cure by Design show. Poor lighting plus no photo-pit means it was run and gun shooting. 6fps means lots to look at
"So you're ruling out surrogacy so I don't need to know what that means" sometimes I relate to much to Joey and Phoebe
stop filling my feed with your gibberish language.
awesome! I love ! :)
Not n a good mood this AM. But, it'll get better...visit w/fam, cook, then chick-food-wine (anti-Superbowl) party w/my girls.
Actually you are a child.
Senior Character Artists - A Developer europe - for more information contact .uk
sorry bruh lol...had to call her out about the opusX
That's a done deal!! Just hit me up when you get in town.
come back at 'em strong!
i love aubree she is so cute
Welcome. Now you just need to catch up on the two thousand tweets you would have written the past two years.
When your dog hears noises that frighten her, its advisable not to nurture her anxieties by comforting her
0001 is my number ...and the other is my mom's number ! :)
Thank you!
Dear people, remember the outside? Sincerely, the internet.
Last three possessions have been iso ball for Griz. Frustrating to see. They need to work the ball around.
 God only allows ppl to close doors you were never meant to walk through.
Yeah Karma can be a bitch to man.
Sure is! And sure is! Lots of surprising names are buried at Green Mount
Also, goodnight!!
Vanderbilt comes back strong after half time. 27 to 36 Kentucky
Waiting on the second run for ladies GS at the J2 Nationals at #Sugarloaf!
": She said it was good and it out a smile on her face this morning " sho was and sho did
I 2nd that
BBM. blowing up about Madonna!!
MAKE AMERICA STRONG AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN!!
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.
You do know why they call it Long John Silver's.......right?
The past two weeks have been great. I accomplished a lot and on April 2nd, my career starts. Feeling great.
Tonite: Jazz and Beyond w/ Paul Gaspar, Andy Calabrese & Ben Thomas. Great Food and Music 8:00 on the recording stage.
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
Listen people when you add my name to lists make sure there's a big dog in there or it will not get retweeted your looking at a millionaire
Remember, Sosa sprinted out to position pre-game. Basically every at-bat for 2-3 year stretch got everyone at Wrigley standing. HUGE star.
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
alright .. now I'm ready.
Were definitely gonna get married that's not the problem...its just not technically official
Holy shit the Prometheus trailer looks amazing. I have to not get too excited. I always get disappointed.
Jesus, at least try to score!!
hey josh wanna follow my other best friend (: your awesome k bye !
boo ya!
how much u Tryna pay?
You already know haha
So excited to be singing tonight at ! Its going to be a fun time :)
Hey how is tomorrow looking for coming back?!? <3
your on twitter
I wish he didn't have to work tonight
Shaun can you get on facebook chat if you aren't busy please I need to talk :/
i'm out. got to work a 12 hr shift tomorrow. good night, you snugly bastards
If you weekend is free, seriously consider heading up to Feast of the Hunter's Moon in Lafayette. One of our favorite Indiana events.
Aaron Rodgers? meh....he cant play baseball
Had a meeting for future commercial endorsements this morning. That went wonderful =) #Young Business Woman
Black Dog Animal Rescue :)
grooving to some funky music and hitting the mountain Wednesday for some snow boarding.
Really sorry to hear that. ;)
you like abandon all ships:)
Good Lord-is there any way to keep these spammers out of my interactions/mentions feed??
nevermind, every team I have in the office pool MUST be eliminated before the weekend!
Thanks! I'll look these places up. I'm still on eastcoast time so will be very early...4-ish? :)
Yes, we def need you to do what you you!:) we're trying to make this viral! Thanks we'll love u forever
My sisters birthday is Sunday. She passed away last year on The 12th. No wonder this month has been depressing.
: I like your interview process!
Just had a massage on the beach -- so relaxing
lol I'm so silly anit I
Nasty - Janet Jackson >>>>
not many but seems to be a new trend and he may have started it
wut?! about what?
Thanks everyone for the b-day wishes!
I am workin photos and will post some new stuff soon!!!
Please fallow me!
gearing up for a new year of #blogging and #writing . . .
There is a god.
#FF because he is the defending champ of
#student Armada Township allocates CDBG funding
Watching all of #thewanted's videos. I love Nathan.<3 ahahaha. Me and my best friend are so pathetic. <3
you're heartless, as dead as chivalry has ever been. get the fuck out of my life. i have this feeling about you, the light in the shadow
A2 Pay attention to metrics. Track how many shares, hits, likes, pins, etc. etc. you receive. Use free tools like
Met the Kardashians/Jenner family last night <3 what a flawless family and they make it look so easy <33 love them
campaign exhibiting more Road Rage that has gotten Mack in trouble in the past
Hunger games was.... incredible!
I was checking out some pictures from your 15th birthday party. you were looking very classy. oh & how can I forget the cane?
No. Vanessa Macias. RT : Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
of course mawmaw carols Mac and cheese! 
At COURSEY right now!! :) #BCSFREEtickets prizes all day!!
Study study study
I hate you!
Steve Blake is on 
FREE MY DUDE BOOSIE!!!!
RT Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
The first time someone ate my 14 year pussy I had a huge bush!
I asked me to look at her landscaping today & she saw my eyes light up. You should have called me :)
' It's the end of the year an these hoes really showing they Ass lmao!!
Pancakes covered in Nutella.
those pictures from Australia....
Just found out some shitt. Aight since we laying cards out.. Let's go Im holding. Some shitttt right here.. Men lie women the Numbers Don't
"Reckless" by Andrew Gross, New York Times best-seller for only .99 on Kindle, just for a few more days. RT
Heading to the All Hands Meeting!
who ever took over your twitter
lol, but they still don't be doing good mixes with all that
On my way with my cousins to the Jamaican picnic
Interested in the use RSS feeds in this web2.0 training
Pulling up carpet gross. Cleaning a house pretty nasty. && doing it by myself, horrible.
Do what you do best and link to the rest!
RT : Follow my evil twin
Honoring the amazing Ed Wulfe at the Center for Houston's Future lunch.
HSPE killed my brain lol glad its over
mom enough
A guy who truly loves his girl does not need to unbutton her shirt, just to have a better view of her heart.
In D.C. Things are easier without the cast, but since I still can't move my hand or support much, it's still a bit tricky. On to dinner...
Was he referring to the impact his presidency will have on the U.S.? ? ? ?
well embry at home at Thomas at home are two that come to my mind first along with a few others
still craving some #scrapple ? If you buy 2 lbs. I can give you 2lbs free...
"And when it breaks, you get to keep both pieces."
I put that on the hood I'm good! I was just bumping this song. #myjam!
9:30 on a Tuesday night why is there so many people in the gym!?
okay thanks ! (:
Don't stress about the things you can't change.
Once u get up turn that frown upside down and get that hair together.... Give me a ring a holler or a hoot.lol -
Paul Ryan: Obama' health care law will kill job creators . Election about the American dream
i am love drunk
im going to bed, hopefully tomorrows a better day .. #goodnight ..
My room is a mess 
The CD for the Evening with Neil & Amanda is probably the most beautiful CD I've seen. I can't wait to see what this brings!
Omar says he's "a bit floppy." We told him that the band left him here and he had to take the bus to Madison. He said "fuck off"
Happy Thanksgiving - take time to reflect on all the blessings in your life: friends, family, opportunities, wellness, lessons, challenges.
happy birthday
My alma matter, Marquette is taking over in repping your word for the past two days. #BUMS. That first half sucked.
Did you know facebook accounts for 1 in 4 online page visits!!?? If this doesn't scream opportunity, what does?!
Jim Hoffa, General President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters will be visiting the Reuther Library today.
keep calm and carry on.....drinking, doll.
I'd have to concur. Ann is a lady of simple tastes, simple moves. Maybe she needs a partner?RT : Ann keeps it simple!
time for a run! i'm running until my legs stop moving, even when i want them to.
I need to clean my room......But I REALLY don't wanna do all that work
"The will to win means nothing if you haven't the will to prepare." J Ikanga
CA? Where are you?
I Shoulda Listened. I never do. I fell in love x2 ~
Hold me. I'm missing Evanescence to see tonight. The sacrifices I make for and
Would you hurt a man keenest, strike at his self-love.
I got friends in low places. . .
Well that settles it we have to see Footloose!!
yeah. Gomez belongs in right.
glitch fixed! shop away www.remnantuganda.com :)
Beauty should not just be defined by whats on the outside
Back to reality tomorrow
Hell yeah Swisher!!!!!
right??! I should have, but was too embarrassed. Dang, major missed opportunity.
Lubbock tomorrow. After a trip to P. Terry's of course. Night y'all!
I told a kid in the MAC store that when I was growing up there were 3 channels on TV & he laughed thinking it a joke! Shocked
It's always worth thinking outside the box a lil
Yesterday/last night was to much fun!! I have the best of friends 
Quote of the night " I'd rather be dumb than mean; that way you can be be mean and have an excuse" -Me
please check you DM! Thank you. Jose
Funny numbers... increase funding of vouchers and charters and call it an increase for public education. Hm?
chillen with my sister like the good old days 
Good morning. I think a squirrel got into my attic.
Hey crack kills!
it was involuntary
You know those baby strollers that take up the whole sidewalk? I hate those
Band name: Fag Books
lol I pay attention to little things like that
My crush is here *-* ! LOL ! Sorry ahahaha.
is becoming one of the coolest radio stations I've heard in YEARS. Playing SO MUCH GOOD PDX music!! THANK YOU.
9 hours and counting on our first night of opening on a Sunday. Something we can build on...but sleep is all I can think about.
#ANightinHollywoodLive is blowing my mind right now lol
a buddy made it for me. No I've been there 6 or 7 months now
This nigga has a big soul patch lmfao. This shit is hilarious. I can't stop laughing at him.
#kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building, Wed, May 16 11:00a: What...
Jane>Congrats on being on American Idol... Just saw your interview online :) Good luck with your band!
Tonight!! D Swan and Old Milwaukee, 11:30PM , FREE , This is a cage match, so bring your voting hats.
That's funny! Thanks! I think other people probably thought the world would end more than the Mayans ever did! :-)
I'm on g+ I also suggest friending Randall Munroe (guy who does xkcd).
oh boy!
Looking forward to Warped Tour like it's my wedding day.
A man that is driving out of his lane in life(his calling)will surely crash. Make sure that your doing what God told "U" 2 do!
Today's the OFFICIAL launch of #MIXTAPE! Pls. RT and support indie
I do mostly leads, although I write rhythm as well. What about you?
I need to see all of y'all soon!
This bitch at the doctors office is a straight bitch. Better be happy I need to be seen or I would cuss her ass out.
Do not judge God's love for you based on your circumstances the Cross is the measure of God's love for you!!
Pro-Vietnam War Mitt Romney served his country by sneaking off to France.
same here
Welcome G..
your peformance last night gave me chills! You sang its a mans world and rocked it hunny! you better win!
thursday was hip hop, saturday was yoga and today is Zumba!! Let's see how long I can hold this...
u pretty smart,... Lol
one of my favorites that you've done! Great job!
Landry what do you do during practice? Can't be work on your shot. You suck!
WHOA! someone's dad is in cafe ole and im chasing him down. You dont treat women like that jackass
right there with you ! we will get there eventually !! haha
Dear Santa, please bring me the contents of my local West Elm store for Christmas - or just a giftcard would be nice too! Not picky! JK :-)
One more day
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz CLK 63 AMG Cabriolet for a new car!
": #PJ Day 2012 coverage on Channel 9 and FOX 31. Mayor Hancock, ice sculpting & lots of PJ Day info."
So happy for Viola Davis and the cast of the Help! Great film!
Follow my alter ego skyedanielsxxx
I need a therapist.
I'm good. How are you? Hope everything is swell!
Congrats to asst Dan Muller on getting the head coach job. Good guy, good coach. He'll do well.
I have been working in field for 20+ yrs. I am starting my own HCBS agency. As a parent what qualities r most important to you?
There will be contest being announced soon with a chance to win 2 free tickets to our September 17th show in Cleveland, Ohio...STAY TUNED!
Our deal is still on! $5 for any medium 1 topping pizza when you buy more than one! Call us!
Paradise Circus. Coffee. Hope.
My mother is Officially A Chef :)
happy dragon year benjamin
Nice! Good luck with the move!
I can't even be mad that Prince was just intentionally walked. CC is terrible.
Back to normal shop hours today. 4-7pm 1726 E. North Ave.
Hi there. I wonder why you didn't translate it as "French Fry brother"? Seems closer to the original to me.
Real women aren't dimes because COINS GET TOSSED
Watching American Idol...it's amazing how much talent is left undiscovered! Life Success helps people discover their talent...empowerment!
Lol ok... didn't even do anything ... but oh well I guess lol
Doubt Yes Less
Ok, I can live with that. Just like I don't hate the Skankees, I mean Yankees. SMOOCH Gotta goI hear the clanging of the trolley.
D: Awe. I'll be your friend
forever and always going to be a Lakers fan
Are you a client or partner of #INHP? What could we do better?
why does Kansas/self struggle so much in tourney?
Franciscan ROAD Clinic team is looking forward to seeing everyone 9 a.m. tomorrow at Marine Park for the 2012 Tacoma Arthritis Walk!
so much fun in the 'burgh! thx for showing me new places & my fav now, diesel!
ok son
cann youu give a #shoutout to Tremaine and Scott Mitchell wishing them a long and happy marriage. Thank youu
yes hahaha! That was a fantastic fall moment!!
you misread it Ryan.
Tight security & secrecy not because someone will Steal the #rushbust but because they want to deface it! So snuck into the Capitol.
What the hell #Packers????
#nerdland trending...just love me some
It's impossible to take a 10 day vacation without gaining 10 lbs.
quite possibly, why in particular?
Reasoner fans on a shot but it trickles towards the net and almost fools Turco.
Great news in the karaoke scene coming real soon!
I knew I should have put some jeans on before coming to this practice.
Good morning, Illinois! Today the #librarianscode adds Champagne to our campaign. Starting in 5 minutes!
Hi Jason, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
well at least you know there will be plenty of room for food at the new place!
Love my sis
Yeah...many curry pastes have fish sauce &/or shrimp paste in them. We get one that doesn't (Aroy-D), but restaurants? crap shoot.
will do :)
I just want a second chance with u.
Praying all are safe and sound in neighborhood farmhouse fire right now.
Attending NTEN Book Club online: Media Rules! by Brian Reich and Dan Solomon
There's this girl; even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong. She's gorgeous. And she just finished reading this.
no you can't jao...you're asian; it can't get much shorter, let's be honest
What you know about them
WTF how did I miss this ??!? i've ALWAYS wanted to go to a foam party WTH!!! :'( sorry boo....
Digital East 2011 has a few final spots on their demo showcase, which gives startups an opp to discuss their biz. Know anyone?
Not only is it #weekone, but America's Game: 2011 Packers premiers Wednesday night at 9 PM ET.
i want to go skateboarding or something but skate park is closed :(
Congrats to Prince William, I hope your marriage doesn't hit a wall like your mom did.
Cancel 'Community' all you want, NBC, but leave my sweet 'Parks & Rec' and '30 Rock' alone. You...MONSTERS.
Hello Sheena, im also nu 2 NAPW in Central Florida..& a chid of da most high GOD.love 2 connect...Blessings!!
Off to Lambeau Field for a tour of the greatest facility (and team) in sports. Yes I'm from Wisconsin.
going out to dinner with my sister and playing one direction really loud mwahaha
Hey, thanks! It's been interesting to explore the whole badge system during TCC.
working in the studio at the moment
Guy tries to sell me magazines claiming it creates jobs, "you know it works when next year there's more of us." calling cops.
oh! Yeah. If you can thatd be so nice! Thanks.
When you walk into a bar and your usual drink and a jelloshot with whip cream are handed to you what are you going to do??
Loving new Dr. Dog, Air, Mark Lanegan, Bebe, Sharon Von Etten- Great week for new music releases
Someone come get me out if class. Kthanks.
ahh Dude i got Schmidt Sickness .. And its an very superdooperawesome sickness dont ya think ? :D
Absolutely! These parents are organizing for the only thing that matters: their kids.
Sometimes, you just need a little Dashboard Confessional.
Just heard what I thought was Mary Mary's The God In Me and was ready to sing, but alas it was really The Dream's I Love Your Girl
Boo is cute
Funny thing about butterflies?Half the time you wish you didnt have them and the other half is wishing you still had them when they are gone
Thanks, Alice! : Shout out to ! #thankateacher #StantonES
Why'd you start your Twitter over?
Two obstacles for ProfDev: time & resistant teachers. Some answers? A) carving out school day time B) successes!
Oh You know we always want to see our Burnicus! ;-)
I did like the pic of the guy wearing Nikes kicking in the Nike store window lol
RT Often, #ux has more in common with urban planning than with graphic design.
just kidding.. Now come over and eat
Cody Ross is really strong..... again.
thanks for the RT love. :-)
haha. All good.
Heard that u should listen to ur heart not ur head! I'm in trouble!
All the videos are finished and are great. Randy Rogan (), a true pro! Thanks for everything!
We have corporate officials coming to check our human resources department on Monday so today was a lot of cleaning and organizing.
I got tickets to 2morrow's taping of Dancing, We'll be rooting for you & Derek! hope 2 meet u again soon:) luv ya!
The confusion #oomf brings 
If u ain't got #Doe 2 Drop on ma #Smoke u can't Smoke Mines
SO ANYONE BESIDES US SUPER EXCITED FOR THIS MUSIC VIDEO DROP, NEW MUSIC DROP, AND OUR NEXT SHOW APRIL 5TH!?
people that are new to the EDM scene and think thats what's hot right now. Those are the ones that get going.
We're (Ross Stores) seeking Store Mgmt in the following locations: Texarkana, Bossier City, Abilene, Amarillo and Tulsa apply online Today!
no- seriously: i just felldown twice while listening to
"He is your praise and He is your God; who has done these great and awesome things for which your eyes have seen." ~Deut.10:21
good morning alice, happy wednesday to you
Yoga P90X then off to worship the LORD and hang with my friends after! Great day
Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
December/January is the plan.
But I need my minature mexifry
Keep it flyer then most. Need a down bitch that can blow trees like a champ and cook good.
You got it. I want it. I'm on it.
your fish tacos are the best!
Keep your head up! you went hard today if it wasnt for you we wouldnt have been in that game
ya but my friend comes over and helps(: so I don't have to by myself
Good morning
im gonna start trainin soon
Everyone should go follow .. This bitch is hilarious! =)
Good night beautiful
- - #Unique makes Kurt look butch.
You must empty your cup before it can be re-filled.
Tuesday: is closed but there's a truck meetup on Adams.
Where do you buy fresh truffles?
Tony Campana needs to play every day.
Tomorrow we gonna bust a sick ass mission!
Word count quotas work for me. Right now, it's 1k per day. Most summers, 2-3k per.
show me where the ball was ripped from the kid's hands and then I may change my tune.
i'm sure we can-in the meantime, start writing ur scripts!
I'll know I've found The One when I've met a girl willing to walk down the aisle to Morbid Angel's "Chapel of Ghouls."
are you casting for Lonely Ash. I would like my daughter to audition through actors access. Is there an email submission?
The comparison is way too easy but...this sets up decently to be Kobe's flu game, doesn't it?
Good morning!
The Rays have been my backup team since about a year before they started playing.
Our hearts are influenced by the Spirit of God or the spirit of the devil. Which spirit we hearken to is seen through our actions.
Tired knees alert!
love the name change. will this make u tweet more?
Glad that this is a brand new day!
it was really good!!!
Warehouse opening will be sometime in April. If you would like to pick up something at the new warehouse, it is appt only
killin it tonight at One Eyed Jacks. Had a great time playing with yall!
i can't find it , How is the picture of the app ??
RT : CNBC...Phoenix and Chicago (of course). Thanks! Never would have found this game. Wouldn't have guessed CNBC.
Don't forget to turn in your Nominations and reservations for the recognition event! Nominations are due in less than a week!
We're looking for great #bookstores in L.A. to read at. Any suggestions?
can someone in #houston get to town? Hopefully some week when I could make the show? nudge
Rest in Peace Jr. Seau. Sad day in San Diego. :(
Class of 2012, how excited are you for Senior Week?
Watching The Avengers has made me want to become a super heroine!
God will break you of your religion
Now following
The judge takes his time to enter court an hour late. Ready to go. Waste of time because of a hater
Damn Gorgi just can't get it going
not sorry you're in the convo at all, but deeply sorry to hear of the cuts.
We come to play everyday, today we came with 150%
it can't be stopped. ever. it's the spinning molten core of planet windoze. ehwn it stops, WE stop...
Wisconsin's economy is broken, why make it harder for a tech college student like me to succeed?
bro your so dope easily my new favorite MC, LiveLove$P is a #CLASSIC!!!!!!!!!!!
Up. Agenda: Completion of packing/cleaning, shower, bagels, and eventually, HOME!
Goin for a run at midnight.. Hope I don't get shot
: I just did a wedding...haven't mitzvah'd yet!! Let me know when the next wedding is so I can crash it ;)
THATS IT?? THATS IT?!?!? BUT JUSTI BIEBER IS MORE IMPORTANT?? :@
Ah HA! FALSIFIED!
Looking forward to seeing Paul Simon and Wynton Marsalis this Friday at JALC. The troubadour and the trumpeter together.
That's so cute!
Follow So excited at what's in store for this summer! And our friends on board!
not really a fan of #wshh. but a big fan of your game!
My Hair Is A Full Mess But Idc 
Three cops following each other..
Chopped Honeycrisp apple is a great homemade mac n cheese topping.
did so walking and running
ayyyyyy mane just for the world you know u my dawg G for everyone that be forgettin
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, (1/2)
The secret to a good chinese place is a Color or Animal in the name. Golden wok, Green Dragon(Xtra good), Green Bo.
It's bottoms up, but its goin down......
I've done 3 halfs before, find bags to be a burden. Arm band for phone, keys through a shoe string, pocket 4 treats and cards.
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
Single again
Ugh I didn't want him, I wanted you, I was ready.......
What are your thoughts on the #FacebookIPO? Will it further the reach of #SocialMedia?
Does the dialogue around copyright as a legal framework inhibit students perceptions of what they can/can't (re)use?
Standing outside of a car in a parking garage listening to Mike Lange call the fucking win
Is it just me or every time i watch parental control its the same doughebag boyfriend/girlfriend but different parents and kid :/
Day-long board retreat for Art Sanctuary felt great. Nothing like Art Sanct in whole country. Black art celebrated, practiced, lived.
Don't miss the documentary this weekend 'In the Mirror of Maya Deren'a film about a very important filmmaker of the the avant-garde.
Make sure you check out the BBJ's morning update on WBAL each weekday at 5:50am.
I just played Frankenstein by Edgar Winter on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 29
Hands down to the kitchen staff and bar staff ! Killer breakfast!
C'mon...this is Suppan, we should still be in the first inning shelling this jabroni Go CREW!!!! #brewers v
Man both of these teams stink. This NL central is really funny. Cardinals>>>Scrubs
I'm very upset at the price of the map pack. Maybe if enough people complain they will drop the price??? start a petition for it
she left to have an IT friend help her with the data. Now someone stole the phone and BB will only give her loaner for $50!
text me !
appreciate the share, will have to try it out
did you see where and met?!?! I'm so jealous! Wish we could've been there. :)
I %100 agree with U
but u have the body, and strenght! I think if u try you'll do great! :D
I barf at some motivational pap. BUT fact is you CAN take any damned attitude you choose to work today! It's your BLD/Biggest Life Decision!
who agrees with me that `s lil brother Forrest is a little sweetheart?
We are working on something amazing here people!
awesome!! Did you read the new #ACL article in the June JOSPT? Good discussion on unilateral forces possibly being damaging
Thankful today for all the love that has been added to my life in response to the love that has consumed my life.
hows your week? Did you get my last email?
Goodnight lovely followers! Sweet dreams,, xx (:
just saw you on Ned's Declassified. Never realized you were in it. Omg
Tonight at Coral Gables with Conjunto Progreso and latenight with El Pikete @ Caribbean Nights Club @ 8th st. Greetings!
Mellow Mushroom >>>
lol MAYBE. oh I thanks
Her names Emma. She's 61. And she's says it's my bed time.. Well goodnight
In the gentle light as the morning near
I get them confused too - the way I remember is that the big end of the V always opens up to the thing that's better.
So true. Do you use the GTD method?
hahahah did he say anything?
Gold and Silver Pocket Guide  Buying Guide | Post-Americana
wtf are you doing in Brookfield?
Then again, Cal might just go ahead and lose just before they play SMC.
not at sears I guess hahah I need to learn how to do this stuff myself!
The fact that you act like you never even really cared at all absolutely kills me because i did.. more than what i thought i guess.
dhddbdheidbdj I can't freakin wait.
Going out for coffee this morning, then dropping off posters and fliers at a venue for a gig.
Break of Day, Shoot The Moon, Red Sky > Blue Sky > Red Sky.
Always pleased at #Ruthschris restaurant. This time in Grainger. Thanks to Kim for a nice evening. Think I'll do a review while here...
John Updike's "Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu"; anything by Roger Angell; Don DeLillo's "Pafko at the Wall"
RT : I want a relationship like Jared and Savannah where they are together all the time
Unwed, single mother Bristol Palin says gay marriage is wrong because kids need a mom and a dad.
#isitok? To have a stubble beard when you work in a business casual setting ? Even I'd you can pull it off?
oh and i love your twitcon picture!!
Do not work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you. - John 6:27
in honor of this great occasion, I shall watch The Princess Bride.
New goal before graduation: incite a riot by eating sauerkraut & curry simultaneously in a crowded lecture hall.
Just got home from work. Was greeted by Chinese take out and 's 2012 Winter Wit (oranges/ginger).
Is that Director Scott Compton I see?
al the way! Since auditions! He is it!
no matter how hard I try I'll always end up on the other end, so I guess I'm just gonna stop trying, seems like the best bet to me
I really wish I didn't care how I looked al the time.
well thanks my little kangaroo ;)
Having a not so great day.
Love the Irie Bean...What is your go to order??
Ah my friend mentioned that. Of course you know I'm ready to train you.
hahaha so am I. No one would be able to compare.
I'm glad I can make a difference in the lives of others by stealing Ben & Jerry's
Ok #Nuggets gotta do it here!!! Send them fuckers packing!!
Hugh Laurie has a degree in #archaeology and anthropology from the University of Cambridge
yaaaay can't wait!!
ah ok. Look at umass! All social media savvy lol
NEW SHINING STARIGHT TEETH TODAY!!! :) <333
just registered for my final classes for this degree:) both online, so i can finish my degree from MI and move with my hubby when he moves:)
You could have at least brought me coffee!! Lol kidding
School Librarians: buy the movies that go with the books and circulate? Thought?
word when's that starting?
Didn't even get to watch. Was visiting family and they didn't get their cable hooked up until yesterday. I felt Amish.
Amen. RT "It's a network" should be the beginning rather than the end or answer for our inquiry.
... engage in the activities in real life.
Tomorrow at the library...2nd Saturdays! Free music and coffee from 1-3pm with the Von Storch Trio. Stop in and enjoy.
I'm good with that. RT It's currently 69 in #Madison. That ties the record set in 1995. We'll break another record today!
austin how are you today? :D
Oh, come on--nothing's as bad as Soul Man, is it? RT It was almost as bad as Soul Man
#Pittsburgh RT ": All you can eat crab legs tonight. Two drink minimum #PGH"
Pretty sure no one in Sacramento cares about the Tour of California bike race since they totally negated us this year.
is Bill Pay down? Clicking Pay Bills just redirects to my account page. Last night received error mess. Been down for 12+ hrs
So would we!!!
IZD passes, delaying Tulane stadium. Crazy how little respect cowen/tulane gets after how much this school has done for New Orleans
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Guys, pray for Luwana...this girl needs our blessings.
that's pretty bad ass!!
and , thanks! Great joy of my career: Working w great people like you guys!
Just got off the phone wit the baby, ya I love that fucking man so much...valentines day ready
Johnny Bananas & Camilla hasn't tweeted nothing yet? Wonder if it's a sign? WONDER
Hello! Goodnight my dear! Sleep well honey!! Iloveyou!! Keep ur head up!
New song posted!! "Get Up and Go!" 1st serious rock song with A REAL DRUMMER! Give it up for Jorge Velazquez!
Looking through the unopened goodie bag to see what I can give away on
! stock M16A1 Airsoft Spring Rifle Gun
Very happy to have just gotten an internship at the :)
yummy yummy sopa
Like a lot of things in life, when you put the gloves on, it's better to give than to receive. Sugar Ray Leonard
hahaha yeah I'm sure! That sux!
...you can see africa all up and thru my locs lolz weezy was deff talking about me in a milli "tougher than nigerian haaiir" ha
Congrats , what an awesome victory!
Looks like Tory majority, NDP opposition, Bloc wiped out. Two out of three ain't bad
FWIW, I approve.
Tomorrow's game starts at noon? That one's gonna be uglier than tonight.
When I'm good I'm really, really good but when I'm bad, I'm even better ~ Mae West. Have a great weekend! #HaveFunBeBad!
im praying everything is okay<3 hopefully it'll be better tomorrow...
Just one more day until Richard Dawkins and Bad Religion at !
Creepy ass janitors staring out the windows of old main at 4am.
Despite being Mid South's biggest star, JYD was kept away from the N. A. title for 2 years. In 82, that changed.
-- I'm liking what I see at tapcongress.us ... and I hear the app will be out soon!
Thank you for the #FF !! Wish our other writing group members were tweeters, too :) They are awesome. As are you!!
Was at a party that served your food on Saturday- amazing!!! Can I please have the recipe for the chard & cauliflower, couscous
haha about how I did at school
Come On Kotsay!
"By the way, I have only a laypersons knowledge of copyright so I don't know what I'm doing" True for so many
Thanks for the links-I'll look forward to joining on the wiki. For 2nd year in a row, I have a conflict & cant attend
good one
it was said to Heidi Montag :P
So great meeting you in person today my friend!
No, Sorbet.
I don't like to where the color purple it makes u look old and lame
A relationship wit money!
thanks for sharing that
TSOI-NY is @ Santos catching THE GODFATHERS.
you make it too easy.
Do you think Joe Block has been well received so far? I think he's great but haven't heard other opinions.
So amazing
Don't let lil mama jug it ..
Question: Do even hot, savvy female adult industry entrepreneurs experience dating woes once in a while? Ever? Ever-ever?
Session today \^O^/
I'm so tired my face hurts. Hi sleep.
hope Mr is doing well?
Rainy days make traveling a little more daunting. What do you do to stay dry when going out and about?
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (11)
Im SO SORRY Sweetie
Flapping buttocks burned into my brain. Oh, the memories.
*nice RT : I have such a weird body...
"Blessings of the Animals" THIS Saturday, 10/8, 11AM. St. George's Episcopal Church at 2nd & U NW in Bloomingdale. Bring your critters!
The refs are literally blowing the whistle before we are offsides.
Never mistake my silence for weakness. . . No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Great work!!
bout to see wat it do
haha yay! and no problem! nice meeting u too! please tell ur friends about my stuff!
what's that spell?????
Deliverance: worst movie ever, minus the banjo and ass rape scene.
I like what the Falcons have done thus far in Free Agency. I do think we will miss Michael Jenkins. We also need Antonio Cromartie!
yay! looking forward to it!
Hey RaRa, my bad - totally didn't see your tweet last night, hope da party was bumpin'
Damn I blinked and the fight was over! Lol
You say you did it, I done it. I'm gone.
this chemistry sol review packet<<<
I am so thankful I was blessed with wide shoulders. Especially nice when flying on regional jets
Quiz was brutal got to study my ass off!
#autism, I cried when I left I just felt very sad
Just so you know I have been helping despite that she won't say thank you.
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE? Your business or your boss? Take control of your life!! www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
Everybody has a cause to fight for. Some are recruited, but many are drafted. - That's an original from vectorpicasso. Fight on!
Missed out on 's yoke birthday. #TBCont'd
TRIVIA QUIZ Coming Soon!
He can't have friends...none that respect him anyway.
I meant hit me up cuz lmao!!
Knowing we're surprised he didn't bring the ice cream with him to the taping.
just wanted to say I love you
Having rest before New Year's Eve. Take care every1 
Thanx for the holiday shout outs, Be well & do good
Let the Hatch Chile sesaon begin! Starting today Hatch Chiles on everything.Hatch Chile Quesadillas Hatch Chile Chicken Salad Hatch Chiles!!
Home Field for the Packers. So happy
Love your character on #SOA - and love to get a follow too --"gotcha" is the word I hear... :) All the best to you!
Touch it by Busta Rythmes ;-) T : : Please Release the beat to nigga bitch that beat go hard & u do 2
Oxy baby! : Why am I awake?
listening to dr. sanjiv chopra detailing exercised hope
all I have now is a heart full of words left unspoken
Please follow
Meow meow
thank you! See you soon! Xo
Hello to all our new fans!
Yeah No Problem
deliver msg to pop for lost his number can u
got this new song off #elevatormusic that I know Quitta Liggins gone love
#Smiles is that right
Tune into Radio Soundcheck on Live 105 tonight for the radio debut of the new song!
Working on a client computer
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
NHLI is happy to be part of
Politicians can learn from musicians who must listen to each other to create perfect harmony. Politicians refuse to listen & create discord.
#NP "Every Little thing You Do" Christopher Williams
4yrs ago today I was interviewing applicants for a spot in our residency program in the Bronx. Flew the redeye from Vancouver to make it
I have no rights what so ever!
Highlands lightning alarm sounds more like an invasion alarm.
Bored so I'm gonna watch all 3 Friday movies lol
No. I've just come back. I'm not even sure I'll stay.
So glad that the Midwest is finally catching up to the east coasts obsession with frozen yogurt
I'm guessin you an OKC fan huh
Brewster Kahle is striving to build Alexandria Library II so that anyone anywhere anytime can have access to the world's knowledge
haha I'm glade u understand me and my humor ;)
Yes, sounds cool
watching , they're foxy!
Do keep them in a tub for days to replicate an ocean crossing #darwinday RT : Learn what not to do with your vegetables
yeah I didn't read it til after I tweeted you
OK thanks!
CHIEFS WIN! #Packers turned to swiss cheese
Happy Father's Day to all of you who have fledglings out there.
>> Yeah! Soo excited!
Packing up a set for you now! Send too?
These ol bonz gathr no dust I came 2 the party an I had 2 bust Got tha party flavors n the rollin supply Kickd in the door an kickin it live
Does your "checklist" for the week include engaging with your "Advocates"? If not, might want to recalibrate the plan - they are your VIP's
I have more iPhone cases than a 14-year-old Japanese girl
woah your soo good lol this is my other account i bearly use it but ya know i think i am gonna start!
Stoked about making a shit ton if bacon for breakfast tomorrow!
GAMEDAY!!! Home Opener for Coach Alexander and the Fins at 4pm in the Roger Strickland Classic! See You at Sessions Stadium!
I think today is drive slow as hell day. I have 38 projects to do let's drive a little faster.
Hey everyone! Happy Holidays and I hope Santa runs out of coal to give after he stops at house
Missing the ocean...and you.
Pretty much 80's night at work... I love it!!
It's a beautiful morning in the DMV.....make it count
Did everyone see the amazing on Jay Leno last night?!
Don't know whether you need to be going overseas, but def worth investigating.
Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
Always enjoy playing the "What can I find in my suit coat pocket" game.
How do you like it?
im on the outside but im not looking in
Love me some Karen Handel!!!
I need graduation and June 9th to get here faster!
I need to work on this more RT : I find life so much more peaceful when the only person I'm trying to please is myself.
lunch at south beach :)
Long to-do list today...
ready for my b-day gotta get fucked up
: Haloo back at cha, but it's Mrs.
$1.75 Ground Beef and Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY!!! Wash 'em down with $2 Bud and Bud Light!
you blamed oit
that looks like my house....
At the studio, time IS money! Plz come PREPARED. We feel bad taking your money for time you waste... but we'll do it!
every extraordinary actor is an excellent case study researcher.
For no clearly discernible reason, #iTunes on my #iPad sometimes decides to just start playing music even when the cover is closed.
Taylor Gang or be wolverine at an airport terminal.
:-) Pretty eye people retweet if u got em
Chill Mode ! #JERZATHON !
your TechStars url doesn't work?
Curious...what was Tex's % with runners on base going into last nite's game...if you have it? Thanks!
should follow me or tweet me as an early birthday present(: its tomorrow(:
not too young.
I called u back
Thanks - great tips! RT Using iPhone to shot video? Touch the square over the subject to keep the subject in focus.
turn on the game and Tyson Chandler just nasty dunk, upset tonight?
omg I die every time
I'm not sure which day it was, but I know it went out. Last week I think via , but not from me.
Conversations on the phone with my girlfriend 
That's wats up!! You Hear They out Waitn on the K West
So take your eyes off the trigger. I'm not to blame if your world turns to black.
I guess you know me too well Prima ;)
The day always feels longer when I actually show up to work on time. I will have to keep doing that to a minimum, I think.
I think we are ready for SEC ": today's title makes 38 conference championships for Texas A&M
I think "new research capacity" means new areas & approaches
people don't understand why I read so much. so here's the answer: its an escape. from the annoying. the bitchy. the rude. from everything..
It was quite good!
Vanderbilt professor criticizes student groups
Pray with Faith! If you believe God can, God will!
This article discusses some useful tips to help you succeed and make money with Twitter
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch "Welcome" enroll www.dowsite.info my contact #'s on site, 125 leads per week !
Maybe instead of begging for more followers try tweeting something that makes people hit the retweet button instead of the unfollow one
Oh, and not said yet... Congrats to you and about the cabin!
i went to Crawford first semester now i go to Mira Mesa , But i AM GOING Back to Crawford (: wbu ?
Who wins a game between the Mad Ants and Bucks? I'm putting my money on the Ants.
WHATT?!? It can't be
just moved to mesa, so I will find you at the park and get that autograph. I get the ball you get
Perfect. : #your RT : Your scared of Skip, because you know he will win.
Huge fist pump from Bruiser after that made three. Like he tweeted earlier... having a nice little saturday.
Who do you turn to when the only person in the world that can stop you from crying, is exactly the one making you cry?
you look so beautiful!
Alright has a girlfriend... Dammit.... All the good ones are taken... :(
Watching at 1 am....great way to end the day
can not wait till i have my day off on friday
will do. thanks for the tip!
In the middle of blow drying my hair and the comb broke. If this is any indication of this day, I need to go back to bed...
'Abdu'l-Bahs train is in Ohio, heading for Toledo. Only 3.5 hours left until Cleveland.
There are some people I know I should never ask 'how are you'? They are never happy or feeling well!! So I ask 'what's going on'?
let's just hope that it's a full team effort, and Kobe doesn't have to play hero ball like game 6
Got nothing to say but damn I'm tired
RT : RT : Satisfied customers are an organization's most successful sales people.
I don't love you, but I always will.
we gonna go party at the movies? Hahahahaha.
Amen!!! I feel the same way haha
Then other chicks is superficial , but I knoe that you knoe I'm number one
For sure!!
Why would you want someone who doesn't love you? You deserve to be adored.
who's on the twitter 1D account now?(:
And for the record, I have an iron stomach. More than I can say for 10-15 people on this flight.
lit circles are close,need element of asynchronous instruction to complete the cycle
AND WE WANT TO HEAR and the moral of this story is... SO much history to learn from ...k! '+)
lol i love you twin
Hey is taking about you at
Last night niggas was going the fuck in
fine but they are amazing
love your slideshows!
hahaha, no chance :)
I am so ready for today's match. Never been so
My album sounds beautiful. I am so happy about it. And I had a rockin photo shoot so I'm feelin' good. Tired but good. So tired. So good.
Thank you for your glimmering wisdom.
It cant. For my own sanity it cannot happen.
#asksarah will you please follow me?<3 please?:)
Me: "What was that sound?" 5 yr old: "A thump." Me: "What from?" 5 yr old: "I accidentally fell out of bed."
This time next year, Communic8 will be a household name. You heard it here first. Interested? Stay tuned.
hello baby!!
Obama is in Vermont. Not big news for you city slickers but last time a sitting president visited Vermont was 1995.
awkward moment when you're a whore
Listening to
//Thank U Following All ;-)
nothing much....wishing u would follow me ;) the usual....what about u? :)
Whoa. Just realized I started at five years ago today.
- saw them perform "AoE" on the #CoachellaLive '11 webcast & was floored. That, Bloodbuzz & Lemonworld are so solid together.
What's up dude?
I could listen to paradise on repeat all day.
Big game tomorrow! Let's get this win fairview!
Success for #leadership is . . . knowing the great art of directing others without their noticing it. Anonymous
I'M SORRY.
You will be safe, if you always do right, but you will get caught, if you are dishonest.
LMFAO well sometimes love makes me do and say crazy things
Happy Thanksgiving. Already missing my Annual two meals. Must settle 1.5 between Ma's and Ma in law.
Awww no can't do :(
Lol! Awesome! My Koala is on the way as we speak :)
Today we honor the continued struggle for equality & the work done by civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Left my purse at the boar's nest tonight. Thank you to the sweet bartender who kept it safe for me!
Trying to write a love letter for Valentine's. I don't think "My dearest beloved, my simmering pan of hot grizzled bacon" will go over well.
what's the zip again
feel better! That bug has been going around.
This crowd is bored or uninterested or hungover. I see someone filing her nails, a guy who keeps falling asleep and 18 open courtside seats.
you should just buy the damn subway.
I am so hungry now...so is Kailynn!!
Is there a release date for the book "UX Team of One" yet or do Rosenfeld books just come out when ready?
Echoes of Silence . . I fucks w/ dat
I was upset earlier and my mom says,"I think the answer is that you should shut up and start writing."
Robin, you're seriously so talented.
we commend you for your forward thinking.
Little Venice cafe sounds glorious... are you off work on Fri? Want to meet up? x
Our new store in Edgewood is officially open for business. Our Grand Opening party continues Aug 13 & 14 w/ food, drink & prize drawings.
Hey #heat fans its the #nba #playoffs you may want to be in your seat for the start of the game, smh
The things we do for Tiger Blood
Once I'm married, I'll sing my man to sleep every night.
Coming Soon: The Libraries Film Series. Come watch 4 Films of the Apocalypse on Tuesday nights in April screenings at 7 pm in Rm 104 Mullins
Sometimes u have to let the dominos fall and see where they leed you
Have some very special people at PLAY tonight. Let's make it a night for them to remember!
Yo...for real....why is it 15 degrees hotter in Spartanburg today??
if a guy is british, he is automatically hotter!
Finna make this calc exam my bitch
4 Sky riders in the chase group
Avoid common grammatical errors: Your vs. you're. "Your" indicates possession - your book. "You're" is a contraction for "you are."
Is gearing up for his twins 6th and Joshua's 3rd birthday this weekend. I can't believe my girls will be 6. Where did the time go?
#MissJadyn is adorable. She looks like a future diva of America.
If I only had a $1 for every furniture rental and/or tenting company truck in downtown Indy today.
Thnx Michael Cadden @ Ocho - Best cocktails ever including the Old Fashioned w/ his cigar tincture. Can't believe he slipped me the recipe:)
UTH Checks out the Village of Guflstream Shoppes on Sunday
Prince Philip feedback delights artist
I'll say it again #Okc ya fuck everything else
Screaming babies are fun...screaming babies are fun...screaming babies are fun...
Beer City is...
River Whyless will be here shortly!
We're replumming our Facebook page. Join us for ongoing juice!
Sam from The Glee Project is so HAWT i love his hair
Mourning the death of Joe Paterno - a truly great man and great coach.
Too many shots of brown. I def said too much.
Carmine playing Just Dance Kids awww
Who gives a shit if Boosie is free or not? Lol dude sucks ass
#freaksandgeeks all night.
Last November... I'm gonna try go back this summer...
I hold in my pee as long as I can. It's too cold outside. YUCK!
why y'all conversatin bout me?
Im at BW3's
kk see u tonight
Morning Be-Love's! It's a great day because The Son is shining! Love ya!
You're annoying (:
So who's the lucky lady???
Holy wow....Romans chapter 1 is KICKING MY BUTT right now. Good read that ish
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
at least u have some awesome company! Hope you're hanging in there and kicking butt ;)
This is what we do, we win against teams that we will face in the playoffs! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP! :)
Who went to see the vs Justin Vernon Show over the weekend? Reviews please!!
maybe I should wait to have one of those cupcakes. Might encourage her to stay right where she is at.
Good Night/ good MorNing :) I'll be dreaming of you lol sike peace!!!
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay ask someone if they are pregnant when it turns out they are just fat.
I need to stop procrastinating and do my fucking homework.
Listening to Marilyn Schoeman talking about GO Green Light Way!
#Running tip: Cotton socks will only lead to blisters; invest in socks designed for running.
Shoutout to all my followers I thank all of yall man forreal rt
When you come to a fork in the road... take it
trynna hop on da men's league team? Gotta submit da registration by da end of the month
no clue.
Stuck at school till 3...atleast im with my favorite teachers..
lazy bum lol
I think you will kid, I believe that.
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
The silver lining of being as pale as I am is basically a promise that I will never be discriminated against
Is it possible to #winestorm on your own, from your couch? Cause maybe we are doing that now? :)
springtime heat has melted glue attaching rear-view mirror to windshield. dangling mirror less attractive/useful than fuzzy dice.
you were never broken :)
ok love, well be good, have fun on your trip, thanks for being a gentleman as always xo
Haha RT : I Cried When Knicks Fans Thought They Was Gone Win !
What's stopping you? You can still get a ticket if you act soon!
so i hooked up the modem and router combo on my main floor and the computer is up stairs, trouble with signal
RT : Going to #RSAC? Come see Pindrop Security at the Innovation Sandbox on Monday. Top 10 Most Innovative company at RSA
Saw the film A Better Life last night, whole family cried. Really moving and powerful story . Great job
Two quick steps from shore / Drown every inch, twice or more / Sea change to the core.
": Your performance of "Ave Maria" was absolutely heavenly. WOW. Good luck! #TheVoice"
Those words made me react in such a way
will do.
Hey if you like metal give us a listen:) we put up a new song "some kind of fake" :)
Patient Education Blog: No Time To Teach-The Essence of Patient & Family Education for Health Care Providers
If all goes well, I'll be riding an elephant today.
Fun night.
i just made one up. haha
I am really mean to my parents
Plans are cancelled for tomorrow . The fuck now I gotta go to school D:
...she's better looking than EA too...
Just call me a
Thx for the follow! Love your benefits and discounts. How can you not join if you're in Central NJ??
I can't believe this again smh!
": Why?? :(("Cuz i fuckin hate you and my boyfriend is literaly half demon
My pleasure! Miss you already! Come back soon!
because u don't say hi to me
sure... Whatever you say (: haha I know you're not
if you guys come dressed as Easter bunny. Brunch is on me!;)
"toot it and boot it" sounds to me like he passed gas then left the crime scene. Just saying,.,,
You provide the most inappropriate conversations for the office.
Can I has a do over
RT : We need volunteers 2 assist with our weekly food backpack program. once /week/month, email us...
Fake beef available for your real pleasure today!
hi umm ya you, you tweet every five seconds. shut up thanks! (:
Lil Wayne tought me maybe she won't...but then again..maybe she will
I noticed that as well
The SAT Essay Doesn&#39;t Gauge Student Writing Ability
Save your purse. Ask your favorite restaurant to carry GourmeMist...
#c2css12 This is what C2C is all about! Sharing stories.
wanting to jump off a cliff xoxo
Great! Can we share ideas? What r open-source or otherwise free technology tools that can be implemented in a classroom?
Had an awesome weekend in SF and LA! Made new friends and fans, now time to start preparing for the takeover!
you know they're not sold out at ravinia, right?
dream come true,you are my dream... follow me
Well beginning of practice was uhmm.. fun..
Dear Sven... that goal was SICK NASTY...
New lyrics: "Laughing, tears are pouring from my eyes, middle finger in the sky, as I'm driving"
": dropping an ice cube & casually kicking it under the fridge.." <-- all the time
did Monkey Girl go up today at brewery?
hey tweets, Back in effect.............. Christmas was great... anticipating New Years!!!
omg yes!!! Loved it, totally resparked my love for reading!
3rd tweet. #Drew believe. You have talent. Don't give up come back stronger. I loved ur save me song. That & Skyscraper made me cry
If the treadmill is right, I just walked off 1228 calories. That's 4.5 Snickers bars. A few minutes to eat, 1.5 hours to walk off. Not fair.
Ate my kong kong. keeping the cat in line, standing guard by the door. I is one busy dog. I need a vacation.
Kalantzis on NewLondon: we were never interested in technology, never interested in machines; we were interested in meaning making
Reports surface of rampant prescription medicine abuse by former #NFL players
way to run the heat on a day where it's going to be 80, old office building
Nice! money-money-money....MONEY (O'Jays - Apprentice Theme Song)
Saturday and Sunday....so 2 days this week...one more than usual lol :)
I love it when I'm right.
Romney was a bit of a bully. Obama was a dog eating coke head.
dude. loves Joann fabrics.
yeah, I'm listing things. Some things are complex, some are simple. I'd like to show difference.
After getting no less than 20 spambot follows this weekend...I'm protecting my tweets
Tigger looked down the toilet and yelled "I FOUND POOH!"
RT : Let us know what makes u smile & you might get a treat!! RT : free 20 piece McNuggets :)
I love your icon on Twitter account with !
I know, I know...I try to send out a few UC related things and live tweet from confs/events...but even that has been sparse!
Check out the live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
if it's somehow just us in a room, i'd be your night adventures wingman. whatever happens... never happened.
I just realized that last night me & had the longest conversation we've had with each other. Kinda nice :) thanks Cassy<3
Just received my second bootleg from . Maybe third times a charm?
#ConfessionTime i miss talking to my mom every day
Boogie Night in London, Dubin, Orando, NYC & Winter Haven
Ill hit youin the am....Orphanz
So at the end of the day life lesson learned NEVER go to sleep angry stay up and plot your REVENGE.
Am I alone in missing the old, simpler days of Twitter...?
moving in new room with
6s hands down....
Had an awesome first day in Amsterdam, tomorrow we have a full day in Amsterdam then we will wake up monday and head to Berlin!
Beating the world's deadliest viral villains
ahhahahaah I hate you so much. -____-
RTV KATWIJK Radio The Netherlands Remember the victims of the war in our country played Amy Ames on my program. Bart van der Pol
That's what I said right? :)
When you have mastered information, you don't need to cite it. Or something.
Seek opportunities to show you care. The smallest gestures often make the biggest difference. -John Wooden
They shouldve never gave u niggas money ! * dave chappelle rick james voice " .
May I just say that Lean Cuisine meat lasagna rocks!
Support attributed Tomcat WV problem to software bug we've had all along but only recently exceeded threshold causing downtime.
When the best plans get cancelled /:
Watching Death Proof ! Old school Charger > Challenger
Last PGH sports officiating blunder this bad was the Bettis coin flip. Steelers tanked after that. What happens now to Bucs?
we are fighting! fighting to keep the $100K beneftis and salary packages we are entitled to from taxpayers!
i kno it was a joke. I was joking lame... U self conscious a bit
that video made me literatly cry. it upsets me so much knowing tht he gets tht from people :/
Scripps Hospital ERs uses new high-tec body "cooling" device to improve cardiac arrest survival. New study urges wider use.
If you take nothing else from your middle school education, at least remember that pineapples dont have sleeves.
Mole enchiladas @ sausilito taco shop. Sublime!
Luckily I'm on a Mac and didn't have that issue. Bummer about the virus. I like Chrome though!
I think it is so wrong that Thrice keeps showing up in my Tango playlist on Stereomood. Come on Stereomood, get your genres straight!
The day I first met you, you told me, "Never fall in love."
Riding my scooter with a WBEZ knapsack, I feel like a cliche. It could be worse: I could have a tote bag, I suppose.
you suck!
get that money up girl...,,
"Oh by the way Matt, Happy Birthday... 6/3/92."
Tally Benyon/Wolfram Alpha demos Mathematica. Glad I minored in math!
Can't wait 2 see back on my television and blaring through my radio! Oh ... It's going 2 happen!!! Ask, Believe, Receive!
Hi Lisa. It was nice meeting you at yesterday's #smckc Happy Hour! I'm looking forward to attending more meetings.
fuck that. Be here tomorrow
Registered for classes..getting ready to go to the keys for the 4th of July
Finally saw the #Goon trailer... Can't wait to see this flick
ok, yeah, thats what i meant.
#Tony #Romo has throwing session
--- Is this serious?? Doc just injected him with Synth T w/out anything being said?!?
Outline of Scags at 30 to be completed by end of May. Betting with myself that it can be done.
I often panic and think I've been hacked when I find no auth log, but then I realized I'm on Red Hat and it's called secure log.
Make wishes but don't break mine
Warner Music Chooooooots!
Time for some
That was Brooklyn's Jesus shot for no fuckin reason -the game
Happy early birthday bro, enjoy it!
Hahaa. :] Yeah, I love my team!! Sad the seasons over -.- But thanks Zerran.
I dont see how btches do it
sorry for the late reply! I saw the videos! I liked them, but what's with the tea video? lol
Logos: Fire up your Illustrator and layer all types of shapes atop another; use paths to subtract, merge, etc -you'll get a winning concept.
I know people are concerned with money and hopping on the AIRBNB train, but I recommend trying #travel Exchange w/o cash.
thanks. I collab with others, so feel free and let me know what's up
Just got stung on my nose it hurts
Occupy protests discourage Black Friday shopping Anti-Wall Street protesters took their message about corporate greed to Black Friday sho
R.I.P. Dick Clark. There will never be another 'Rockin' Eve' quite the same as Dick Clark passed on at the age of 82.
Press your luck question: "what animal does ham come from?" one of the answer choices was "hamster"
2 of my favorite actors 2gether!!
Event day. Ready to raise money for WA kids living in #foster and #kinship care.
Most everything that says turns out to be false. I pray for Sgt Bergdahl's release & his captors' destruction.
i got not time for LeBron hate! you're right: his game and perspective are overlooked.
Can any #FantasyBaseball Owners please loan a pitcher to the #Redsox?
its cool I got someone to cover me. But idk what the schedule is yet.
Time to turn this business up to 11
I see we share the same philosophy
why????? of all the times for my van not to start, it picks now. after working 1 to 10....
When your boyfriend is freaking out when a "celebrity" adds him on their personal Facebook.
I don't care how much he drank calling me that isn't acceptable.
Good morning to you. Hope you have a great day!
seeing mr poppers penguins with my little ones =]
RT : Lowes Women Build Clinics help train volunteers with the knowledge needed to make a difference on build sites.
true, we did indeed.
#Truth,spread the word > RT this Young Lady`s music is so Refreshing!!
Philly fans take heart if any team can come back it's ur Flyers but they gotta win board battles
At home bored lets talk....<3
I wish it wasn't rainy so I could just sit at the park without wetting my jeans :(
 I just came up wit it lol
Radomski's entree to baseball RT : "I started off as a Mets batboy and then became a clubbie." Started in 1985 as a 15-year-old.
Awaiting the call to possibly buy into another franchise. Hoping the deal looks good!
[ insert middle finger emoji here ]
They are them. We are us. Fck them. All.
Offer ends Dec. 31st!
There are 66 books in the Bible and today is Sunday January 15th with 66 days until Spring :D
#RT if you have goals and morals
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you wishing they were you !!
Steve Bisheff...long-time newspaper columnist and author of the book, John Wood: An American Treasure, joins The Score at 8:45 on AM1510!
We need real writers
this nigga really has problems low key. Its crazy how much he hides it!
Thanks for passing us along! We're toasting you with a marshmallow tower s'more.
i think i may be more excited bout this celtics game than the superbowl....
beats with a modified Liontamer.
is the reason why "NPR rocks" at !
Dont have a socket wrench? Gaffa-tape a large wrench to a smaller one. This girl knows how to use tools :D
Where are the boos?
Thank you Gary. I should be back in full swing by July 4th. I hope all is well
Great Job Jets...Nothing better than seeing the Patriots lose in the playoffs!
Can't sleep
Karma is like 69... You get, what you give
ughh i need my backpack from marias house !
PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality.
i know but who? and i'll album might come out at the end of this year or the begining of next year
Really have no clue what his value might be. Like most everyone else on the block, his contract makes a trade challenging.
Sorry! Im on the another side of phx. RT : Who in Scottsdale? Food delivery would be nice :)
Pedi and mani time. Simple but sexy at the same time. Good day friend.
nice one brother...
Someone said 50 & Beiber have a song & Mayweather is in the video. True? Please let it be so! Omg, the laughter!
If you don't have any kind of plans for your future ..
hahaha, I understand!
is killing me!
follow me?:)
she mad lol
I dnt think my mom bought me
Just got an email from an old friend that made me giggle like a little schoolgirl. It felt good!
UPDATE: NW of #Battleground 269th St is still BLOCKED W. of Daybreak Rd due to overturned gravel trailer.
Michelson's short game is second to none
Out of nowhere, for absolutely no reason, my mom just looked at me and said "everytime I see your face I just want to bark." I'll kill her.
AMAZING PERFORMANC SWEETIE.....
#20ThingsAboutMe 10) If you don't like me I could really care less.
thank you!!
Planning, Planning, Planning! Sometimes its just as much fun as Doing, Doing, Doing!
Happy Mother's Day !!!!
I never tweet anymore.
GO TEAM CHALLENGE!! I'm running Kona this Sunday!
Studies show that T-Pain AAAAYYYEEEEE
Thanks :) I'm trying lol.
RT : Heat Index around 100 degress - High HEAT ADVISORY in DC - DC F&EMS call volume is moderate to heavy - DC Hospitals are busy
#educause10 Ithaca College showing their beautiful, highly customizable portal with built-in social networking and mobile support
How big is your ****? Really? Why would you ASK someone that? If you weren't even together? Skeeze.
And then there's the karaoke.
Milwood was in the bigs with the #Rockies. He is a fly ball pitcher which generally doesn't work well
what's your workout plan?? Help a brother out! Lol
The new web site is out of photoshop, and into Espresso. Some css tweaks and it'll be going live very soon. Coming soon the new edroper.com
Odd time for maintenance. Will probably be months before I try to log in again. :(
Never ended up making it to #yolo ..
writing a paper on organic Fiji honey exported to Europe to be in used in cosmetic companys' products.
RT : Hardcover books go mobile - check out
Wat is going on with me right I can't believe I feel like this #Fallin/hurt
: Hearing Maryland is offering to pay Ralph Friedgen in Chipotle gift cards. I'll sign any contract for that salary.
Thanks. I'm working with ! A beautiful film!
MN Governor signs bill to build $975 million #Viking Stadium; target opening 2016. (ESPN)
Is that #Thunder ball?
PLEASE GO TO YOUR GYN DOCTOR EVERY YEAR AND MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR YOUR CA-125 BLOOD TEST. INSIST YOU WANT IT!!
I can't beat this funk I'm in today... I'm off my game and it sucks.
Michael Carroll: Gold OA journal authors ought to ask what CC rights reserved (beyond CC-BY) are worth / ask for discount on fees
of course i know your: on tumblr, youtube, listening to music, eating something sweet, twitter and drawing maybe
Great job.
Do you remember your first Belgian bier?
Glad to hear. Thank you so much David :)
incredible video! Leadbelly moves from prison stripes to being a "walking archive" at LoC!
Joan Jett to My Fair Lady. This is why and I are friends.
In school lol...
Sun goes up, sun goes down. Tomorrow is just another day at the office
"My mom calls me in the room and is like 'look she falls in love with a gay guy, isnt that hilarious?!'".
omg u look so much like my BFF that's crazy mayb y'all twins or sumthing lol but seriously
He will be SO delighted!
Thank you!!! beauty! ": Congrats Julia! RT : Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!"
That day will come! (Well, mostly. Even in our own dialects we do listen to ourselves a bit.) :-)
The '16 and VOTE GLOBAL CAMPAIGN' Champions Lowering National, State and Local Voting Ages to Sixteen (16) ALL Around the GLOBE
Huh? New job? That's wonderful--CONGRATS! XD
Looking for #guestblogger! Let me know if you are interested!
"I saw on Facebook that..."
Pro--upgraded to 1st class. Con--so was the crying baby. Luckily, the baby fell asleep. Hope I can wind down & do the same.
Man what a long ass workout! Feeling the burn baby! 
Think this q extends beyond just SM to all edu activities- we need common defs for what learning looks like on SM
Can't wait till 3:15
Happy Birthday Gaga :)
are my hopes, are my dreams only photographs in magazines?
Thanks to all who came to my first Open Office Hours breakfast! Mark your calendars for the next one: March 15, Jimmy's at the Park, 3rd Ave
#YouGetMayjorPointsIf You know where the kitchen is and know how to use it
I think it is AMAZINGLY funny that I retweet Myself on other twitters lmaooo
I think it's perfect tennis weather
Band got a show tomorrow cant wait its gonna be sick. pc4pc???
Tasha has like five different boyfriends every season
#tomyunbornchild Hay, how's it going up there?
Way to be rude and ruin our conversation...
lol. everyone thinks the state north of them is not southern. I know what side we fought on damnit.
lol watching the movie?
God hasn't forgotten about you...
Are you worried about financing your holiday business? Consider factoring your accounts receivable for working capital.
ILLUMINATE WAS RECORDED IN ALTANTA
Going to be driving, but is full speed ahead with #sbchat ~ make sure you join him when all the action begins in a few
all i want to see is posh and becks and then I'm done. you with me?
School rules pissing me off all the time. -.-
There's a prom at the hotel my parents and I are staying at. Maybe I can finally go to prom. Brb dancing.
wasted time wasted skills wasted energy making a living by doing a job i am not meant to do like so many others displaced from their field
can we to send you money for your various health problems?
Idk if i should curl or straighten my hair tomorrow? :o
Look for #FutureGun in an upcoming issue of The Villager. -JO
Someone needs to start a "Where to go in DC When Your Parents Visit - Post Grad Edition" blog STAT
Doing what i love..... #MUSIC Writing constantly and making this life happen for the best.
I dnt have time to hate ppl who HATE me, cuz im to damn busy LUVN' EVERYONE who LUVS me in my Life ;) LML!!!
dont mess with me...i kill zombies..
M how I love kit kat :)
Happy bday big celebrations tomorrow!
Haha! You kill me! I guess I never thought about her whore ways
im not been cheeky, i was just saying too haha. ohh well, i dont know the people x
I just listen to can I kick if with you bc you said it was your favorite.
I just cracked my iPod more than it already was.... This is going to be a good day.
Thanks for the follow ! Love your magazine!
I saw your doppelganger when I was at milwaukee for a tech conference monday-tuesday! So surprised I couldn't even tweet!
Which is better in an essay rubric, ease of use for the teacher or detailed point-dby-point for the student? Both seems a bad idea.
Looking for someone who can help with the marketing of my services to people in Philly. Anyone good and affordable out there?
just one year. But still! So man businesses fail after one year, but I'm still here!
We just checked it out and it looks awesome!! Thank you!
New commission program. Yes please!
y'all both need to focus on this paper and math test!!!
Thank you very much for that #FF of the week :)
planning a client open house event...
good-bye summer!!
He was perfect last year!
We're at Barnes and Noble (1939 Mount Zion Road Morrow, GA 30260) wrapping your gifts till 4!
We r partying hard here for ladies night!!!!! Nothing but fun fun....I'm holding on!!! Miss ya
#ESPN is discussing who the top 5 Heisman candidates are this season... and #KellenMoore is not on their list. CRAZY.
"You don't seriously think you're perfect, do you?" "Not on the outside, not the inside, but in my mind." sorry. but I'm perfect, k?
wat city is that in
dude! have you read angelas ashes?!
In what ways are you going to be intentional in 2010?
OMG!!! mona is a bitch i new it
Haha, understandable. That is one of my favorite accents, btw
It's not fair how he guessed my surprise :(
RT : Word press theme help in tech room
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
hope you have a good day! Its cold and rainy here in beantown
actually sitting this twin kegs night out...it's been alittle sad over on our street since sunday night. Our dog passed away :-(
At 14 I had begun reading. Actually I was 13 when I caught the bug. I was in Karachi Pakistan. The language was Gujarati. I had to rent bks
We made a bond from the very beginning... I found my homie && my best friend. Imma be there for ya till the very end, no matter what.
Outdoor education on the Long Trail
awesome! It's been too long. I had no idea you had a twitter account.
My house smells like shit... literally
y yeen say nun
Thanks to all who attended last night's forum debate, including , , Mike Aguirre, Michael Zucchet and Alan Gin!
yeah. Me.
any results from Williamsburg vote?
Lil nigga I'm 6'3 and 180 pounds ! I'll toss you on you're shit don't play I'll come down there
#nmrealestate I am here.
aww :/ where do you work?
TICKET ALERT! CALL 202-560-6264 FOR TIX+TABLE INFO TO--->THE PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES & DRESSES AFFAIR THIS SUNDAY!
Thanks jake :3 what's up?
GOD BLESS YOUR FRIEND MAY HE REST IN PEACE!!!
Mainly just to hear her say things like "interact-shown" and "user experi-ounce."
Remember: in this life you only have yourself and nothing else, because once you get burned, no one is going put out your fire.
RT : he looks sad aw
Once you suggest impatiens I stop listening to anything you say
any " hint " as to what the challenge is...?
I think I've insulted McGinn enough for now. What other public official deserves my ruthless scorn?
being molested by a catholic priest > Econ
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x11
Updating NetFlix..
Ron Swonson or John Legend? I spend most of my time outside of work on music blogs or watching Parks and Rec.
Great rehearsal tonight for with and - come see us tomorrow nt!!! 8 pm :)
Mom n Pop businesses, local start-ups can compete with global giants thanks to social media tools. Is your business using them effectively?
this kids having a bitchfit prob bc of the interview on monday that we were at...
You're the best! thank you!
sweet! Driving 5 hrs to go see in Dallas on Nov 9th!!! 
U folks in MI should be very ,very gratetful to Romney for the auto bailout . No! What's the matter with you ungrateful people?
Hey Twitter! Thank you to all that are following me, I really appreciate it! I am apart of #teamfollowback!
Don't make me go another day without you... just call or text me do something!
It's not easy to convert from being an inherent night owl to a "morning person", but it's a change I want and have to make to evolve.
Stay out my mustard if u can't ketchup! Looking at end of May 4 Jenolo launch #winning #bulls #heat game lets go
why did it take for us so long to be friends?!
great we hope she raises awareness of the Colombia IDP and refugee crisis
"Do most what you do best"--Tony Kroening, Managing Director, SIMA Intl at the Co-lab Conference in Chicago, IL.
You'll just have to wait and see!
If this  Negligence, Z-man was aggressor, in-sighted incident, even if he got his but kicked, could lose affirmative defense self-defense
Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.
great night with at gala. great job !
We know from experience that HB 1075 will result in persistent and permanent downsizing of General Fund appropriations.
Sunday Funday! Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
Lets Go Lions.. Make me proud!!
Can't wait for this week! Not gonna miss 106&park at all! Can't wait 2 watch OMG GIRLZ & MINDLESS BEHAVIOR!!!!!!!!!
Ah, I forget that Twitter is a black hole of information. Getting off now.
Karen! I'm so sorry we didn't connect yesterday! I hope everything is going well for you. Was looking fwd to catching up!
Lmao thanks bro
Your such a slut
I don't know either one, unfortunately. There are definitely a lot of Saucedo's out there!
If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success...
Profile image: , For The Womens House, 1971, Oil on canvas, 96x96 in, Courtesy Rose M. Singer Center, NY,  Faith Ringgold
Okay, and now I just walked in on some strange little gay man laying on my bathroom floor and crying. Didn't want that part of tonight.
School finance debate starts. Rep. Lois Court notes school funding "still in a deep hole."
you would be back in bed by 10am anyway lol
The sentencing of David Knudson has been postponed to January 26th. Knudson was convicted of attempted murder.
Jim its not bad, they did a good job with the animation. Maybe I'll pick up the book.
Hey (: RT : Good mooring
In a 4-hr Social Media training with Sandi Krakowski to better serve you :)
Three of my next four meals in Albuquerque include Sadie's, Weck's and !
Currently watching the GOP debate. Wild times!
lol me too that's why I got excited
I found out that I have reached the "limit" to the number of people whom I can follow (2001 users). Love to all!
we had this test today and I had like 6 D's in a row so I was like "SCREW THIS! I DONT GIVE A CRAP!" smh
I just tuned in, but they showed 2 live performances from their archives, so that is kind of cool.
you nigga you kno its true
Spent last week in Shreveport, Louisiana recording the upcoming Brian Blade Fellowship album It was an incredible time.
Where you playing at? And good luck! Feel free to use my Uku-fail-le joke to warm up the crowd.
Posting some more pictures up
My bad about not getting you kids proper credits. I'll put em up on the video description. Best I can do with CMF
Being an obnoxious bubble gum popper
Ha. IKR, thats y when some1 asks me 2 pray 4 em, I do it right then/there. funny 2 watch em tense up.
congrats on your pro bowl center u just selected cuzzo
i guess 9 pm is a little early for bed.
yes I have seen! They are 3 :) brother and sister zoey and zorro
Does the fact that I don't get this nicki minaj performance mean that I'm getting old or that I have my sanity?
Hmm, plasticity? Must have lots of high rate of speed = chronic pain
where were you today
I only really use it online or on my iPad...sry :-/
Congratulations to ! He will help to guide the power of #swang across the world.
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
He looks damn good in a suit. I'm comfortable saying that.
What's up Karen! Its been years.
working on a letter to Begich, since I know him personally. Write with me! I'm not a movement unto myself. :)
No problem. Sorry for the earlier mishaps. Please feel free to send your feedback and suggestions and of course let others know!
The Iron Lady also won for makeup for Mark Coulier and J
This is a VERY good Michigan State squad. Great defense, size and outside scorers mean the #Spartans could make a deep NCAA tourney run.
Doing great thanks. Busy day at work :)
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
It's going great! How are you?
my twitter is so slow.
What a dick!
wow - yet another beautiful Spring day! sweet!
Bridges bring people together. Uhh from different sides of a river
Things are clearing up after the motorcycle ride... Big-I backup is clear per our camera.
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 visit us
Paul Allen on $300m brain research grant: "Our dream is to one day uncover the essence of what makes us human"
That song is crazy, but great!
"When I'm not a student I'm not as good a teacher" overheard at NYSAIS Experienced Teachers Institute
If I were a lame
i want a cute relationship
"There is no concept more generally cherished by publishers than that of the Undeserving Poor." A.J. Liebling
Employees are your most important assets, so hire the best, provide training & growth opportunities, recognize good performance
Does anyone have any good blogs they read regularly? I like #theY #camping #socialmedia and
Texting my O.E I love him lmfaoooo Merry Christmas babe <3
Whoa whoa hold on. You're telling me I've been asleep for 20 years...and no one tried to wake up? ARE YOU F#@*$!& KIDDING ME!!
Did anyone just see that block by Murray State??? Wow.
No excuse not to eat that salad for lunch as is giving away FREE salads tomorrow at its new Flatiron location 18 East 23rd St.
RT Thanksgiving? WHAT'S NEXT? People marrying ducks?
Done speaking. I have no idea how it went: some students were engaged, others bored. I was quite nervous at first, which surprised me.
I'm looking for recruiters. Pay is 500 dollars per week. Hit me up for details
Said by my 4-yr-old after I bought him 3 hermit crabs: "I love them so much. I will put them on my nipple."
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
If anyone knows any 99-04 mustang GT's for sale let me know!
wat's better etc....all types of funny shit lol u'll see I'll start a funny argument 2morrow w/ my homie Los he luv 2 argue
It's bitter sweet
The voting process in Wisconsin is ridiculously archaic. And I'm not just talking about the 90 year olds working the polling locations.
Second day listening to Black Friday mixtape this CD is fire!!!!
: When I am enabled to act with love, God will take care of my feelings. -The Rock That is Higher
I am starting a campaign to make the next Bachelor. Who is with me?
One in five (21%) adults in the U.S. report having doctor-diagnosed arthritis. I'm one of them, are you? www.healthfacts4all.com
I lived in the valley during the Northridge quake. Never living in CA again. :x
DSM - my home town!
Oh. And I hope you do make it! They're really good live. :)
his name is andrew Garcia he doesn't go to school with us(:
HAVE I SEEN IT?? PSH. GIRL.
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 8
Best. Tweet. Ever! RT : Does Facebook's purchase of Instagram mean we're gonna start seeing really vintage-looking sonogram pics now?
#Moore, Bloodsucking Fiends, a love story. 1st of 3 comedic vampires in SF novels, quite possibly the silly best. Turkey bowling, anyone?
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: We judge others by their behavior. We judge ourselves by our intentions. ~Ian Percy
we're in the front. It's pretty empty.
just finish wood sheddin remember time waits for no man my past is just were it should be, history. My faith keeps me current thanks haters
It really helps to take the bottle of water you prepared for the gym to the gym.
I hate them
Do you plan on writing any more children's/YA books?
Hey ...you still dead sexy?
In that case, it's starting NOW. Y'all have blissful weekends, too.
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes!!
I'm down!!
whirlwind few days, vacation to london/paris for first time and now settling in Brighton just in time for midnight Super Bowl
I cannot function right now . -"__-
I've never heard of Saturday school . ?
RT Looking for #Apartments in #Chicago? Follow us!
im still young, i have lots of time to fall in love. right now isnt the time.
-rights have no place there. One last bastion of totalitarianism, no freedoms, only 90 miles from our shores. Why is it ignored ?
Thank you AGAIN for spoiling my daughter with another T-shirt !! #GoBucksGo :-)
How are the rations on the Puma Bus holding up?? When does the party start??
I'm a slut
Since my phone is cut off i will just tweet for the next two days
melodic adjective relating to the melody (=main tune) of a piece of music
We're not even on the plane home and Patti is planning our next 3 vacations.
Good Morning Mr.Craig :)
Novas fotos publicadas por Joe Jonas no ... - Jonas Brothers Brasil
Employers there are several HR Managers waiting to be hired Happy Monday!
hey ryan:)
I am sure of one thing- their agent will advise them to buy both to get a 15% discount regardless if they need either.
what are chapters??? And how do we see em?
Security is when I'm very much in love with somebody extraordinary who loves me back. Shelley Winters
please somehow make that skype session show up on on Mixergy premium. :-)
Do you have instagram? Take pics of you with HL stickers, graffiti, shirts, hoodies, artwork...whatever you want and tag it #HOTLIFE. :)
RT : New #Broncos DT Derek Wolfe is a try-hard guy with a great motor:...
Happy birthday Sarah!
thank you :)
. Thank you for all your assistance today
If you suspect someone is an HCP, just respond more carefully ... this person may have less self-control than you do.
Friends, Adrian Peterson, star running back of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings, just tweeted and Facebook posted about !
Good morning tweeps
We saw an article about the camera phone takeover ---whats yr take? Will a camera phone ever make you put down yr digital SLR?
Atleast #Drake will keep my company.
I was gonna go get my nails done but my mom is dumb!
Topic for 2012 is dumb and stupid things men/women say lol lets go in lol
I know, right? Fear Street books were the best!
Why is Spike Lee dressed like he is at a funeral? He's at a Knicks game!
So the synopsis of Rowling's new novel sounds *very* British to me. As a Brit disguised as an American, I'm okay with this.
keep it steady
I wanna hit the studio and work hard all day
Embrace your new (helpful) robot overlords RT : it is about humans not machines!
austin in the show can't sing but he's the singer? xD
to work on his music and career
We love the new baby's room! It has a nice new rug, soft stuff to lay on, lots & lots of toys for us. Just wonder where are kennels will go?
my dog has the most annoying bark ever
you need to tweet bro lol
don't tease us!!! lol
This school is dirty and smells like shit reason#165218522333 i want to leave this school.
I'm gonna make you beg for it.
Walters on North in tosa is my fav bar
Its going to be another #MiamiHeat beat down at the A tomorrow night.
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
I have seen 5 #Kony2012 signs in the past like 2 minutes.... That is amazing!
#ASECS12 mtg will be for informational uses only. Exec comm approved budget, committee appointments.
Fuck u tho I was too busy getting my beauty sleep 
is mr. roboto
MB IS ON BTW
Tired of all these little bitches at my school.
Having trouble watching the Mariners, ugly game, more errors then hits, so I am checking out the new features of CS5. Gosh I am geeky.
RT : Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you. Mat 9:29 ~ #Amen One of my fav bible verses!
: You betcha! First beer is $4.25 with $3 refills. First soda the price of a small ($3.50), free refills rest of your visit.
SERIOUSLY epic! The production for this tour and show will be amazing! And that's just a tease ;)
Do u see this? if so..your and amazing singer with amazing talent your going to go far.:) if not...i just let other ppl know:)
Dreams money can buy <3
Thanks for the gift card! I am excited! See you this evening!
I want to get another tattoo soon
-_- this girl done started tweeting her relationship story & how he did this and that & blah blah.... Take that shit Back to FB
Highlands will not give up a point Saturday! Towels will throw for 5+ Td's and runs for 4 Td's Bold Prediction
RT : US DoE jumps on the #cleanweb bandwagon - calling all app developers! Energy is the next big thing:...
didn't forget about grape margarita's. Destiny has a game should be over by 730. Let us know!
Tell Liz to participate in #bowday shed look so cute ^~^.
Tired of thinking
it is! He is well fed and oh so sleepy :) xoxo
FSU would play UNC AGAIN? Who you like third time around??
Mad props 2 Baseball Hall of Famer #CalRipkenJr 4 all of his support & contributions to the +#Miami+#WomenBuild~^~ and our #Affiliates*.
#FollowFriday my favorite Canadian
Manis, Mimosas, lunch and more Mimosas with
finally it's today:) thievery corp, I can't wait to see you live!
Beef Fried Rice.
I aint been on twitter at all today
hey! I'm good! How are you doing?
~ Pinterest: Why should we be interested? [infographic]
it has it's ups and downs :/
Was down in Orlando last week at the Tapings. Impact Wrestling is looking good for the future. Hope your well
Thanks for spreading the word about Bruins and the Budget! It should be very informative for students.
That game exposed the weakness of the O and D lines and Ryan's inability to make plays out of the pocket.
Cause-marketing success: provides customers/employees an opp to join them in giving, support causes impt to customers.
so unbelievably true.
So many people leaving 1D for the Janoskians.. :/
dance show performance tonight #upallnight #dance #breakaleg btw were doing the Nutcracker :)
RT : Remember the last 2 days next time someone says a team is going to be rusty after a long layoff.
Emergency rooms are not fun!
awesome email me whenever :0)
aww yea!! Tell me how it goes! I know it was a long car ride..
Have neither seen the Avengers nor Captain America.
do you have any annoying brothers or sisters??
bedtime for me.
Site Build It! is designed around a simple formula, which they refer to as CTPM
#songstoplaywhilehavingsex "It's In Our Hands." by Bjork.
Just got the rest of the Chicago drawings from Erin. These cards are going to be awesome - I can't wait to print them!
Back to fuckin' business.
you don't know which of your tweets I was referring to? I'm using logic...why so. Quick to play race card?
Sunburn Myths Stripped bare: Your risk of skin cancer is greater when you're a kid. After 50, forgetaboutit! Stay tuned.
Today's Special, House made fettuccine in a bolognese sauce! Delicious.
When ur in a hotel room and have a bed next to your dads bed but he is snoring too loud so you sleep in the bathroom.
I might be.
Self-reflectiveness over the game design process is refreshing. Yes, we're human, we make decisions, and mistakes.
I worry that people who prefer opportunity and self-sufficiency might be outnumbered by those who don't.
Thanks of Devil's Hand fame for the
Totes on Twitter?
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
Amber rose must got that good good made kanye go crazy n got wiz wanting to marry her thats wats up yo!
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this CHRISTMAS.
Hosting a show tonight. I don't know why people trust me with a mic, but I'm glad they do.
#DODGEBALL IM THROWING T>T>
that is rather disturbing. But I'm ready!!!!!!!!!
this segmented hose or faucet thing looks kind of like a big insect leg?!
What's cool is when you're an athlete, actor, and musician. Love how talented I am. LOL
I'll check the calendar and we'll make it happen. I miss your handsome face.
Are you going to HP Discover? Have you already signed up? Drop me a note --
I wish I still had a camera that required me to develop the film... I miss my 110... (advancing film noise)
I need an email address to contact someone about an analytics report
lol yeah ikr so much fun :P
who cares!
is too bright
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
iGomezGang deleted her acct bcoz ,she was getting hate tweets as selena replied her..CRAZY PPL !!
you were unbelieveable at the Grammy's and deserve every 1 of those awards!
yeah me too :/ lol
Thx!! Wonder how I got on
*singing* "wait...Best Coast sings that right?" "yeah!" "you should keep it that way." RUDE SMH.
I'm chasing the cat the cat chasing the mouse the mouse chasing the cheese will anybody get what the want
Dam y females shower water b so hot a nigga don't want to fuck n that hot shit dam cut a lil cold water on dam lmao
tonight was actually pretty good.
M nmmnmm do love me some fresh herb
I still love watching all the old Bob Ross Joy of Painting shows on !
awesome i wish u could come to lubbock
Deep breath...
Christian schools should be mission outposts training students to reflect the glory of Christ, not strongholds in which to hide.
My PASTOR told me that any woman that is not MARRIED is FAIR GAME becuz if a her man really wants her hell put a ring on it
I saw a hobo tumblinq on the sidewalk..... And I thouqht,"Oh, such a wonderful siqht! What A classic Hobo."
is this a twitter or in person meeting? Lol
when we gettin drunk
Instantly recieve 15% off any one item when u Like Passion by Treco on Facebook
Seriously. Just one win out of the St. Louis, Nevada, Marquette, UCLA, and Oregon St. games and UW is in the tourney
Our mission is to provide you with the highest-quality products and services possible in a timely fashion and at a competitive price.
hate how the wind pushes my cupboard door
I really wanna get colored contacts.....
honored to be invited to Mummy Meet 'n Tweet tomorrow. Looking forward to the tour of the new exhibit
lol hell yea.. I'm over here trying to play mystery man nd shit haha
that's good bro.. just keep at it, and it'll come.. you got mad talent for this music shit.
Lolol and one of'em is standing right next to meh right nao...:O
Running on lack of sleep to go get new tires for my car -_____-
That's totally the worst part. He was directly in my sight.
were is he going???
Bitchiness can be cured with a whole pizza and 1/4 of a chocolate cream pie... or slightly smothered as it were.
The Save A Lot must be streaming the local college radio station, they're playing Smoke by Ben Folds Five.
Welker needs at least 70 more yards! And another TD!
good question, especially considering TSN's lovefest with the world jrs
is out on DVD soon! Add it to your Netflix cue today - JESS + MOSS
(American Legal Maxim) Do not answer a question until it is asked.
#News President Obama plans to announce a summer jobs plan
supernatural!!!:D you!?;)
Good ears RT : Song that's stuck in my head now? It's #1 on iTunes - Fun. "We Are Young"... reminds me of a memory.
Pizza it is .
So, I JUST discovered a recipe for little cakes you can make in the microwave using coffee mugs. Time to experiment
Mommy Dearest, of course.
When hit 4,000 followers one lucky follower will have a chance to win a custom #BallSoHardUniversity sewn letter authentic baseball jersey
While is recovering from #sfbeerweek we'd like to remind him he's needed at #sacbeerweek in just a few days.
Care to help with the rocket building portion? I am horrible at science.
RT I do 5 sit-ups every day. It may not sound like much, but theres only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
: Andrew Breitbart was the most innovative pioneer in conservative activist social media... That's saying a little.
The show "Too Young to Kill," which featured an interview with yours truly, will air on E!: Feb 3 at 9pm, Feb 5 at 5pm, and Feb 6, 7, and 8
Aw, feeling a little down? We know how it goes, but will cheer you up with 's Hugs & Kisses show tonight!
Loving might be a mistake but it's worth making.
Just discovered that 3 of 6 items in my latest collage are from I've never ordered there. Have you? Dish.
I'm glad you ACTUALLY did ig gives people hope you know in a certain way
Ben, I can't make it to your talk tonight! Will you have slides available? I'd still like to chat about what tools you're using.
CRAPPY DRACULA: The Best Credit Rating in Punk. Conversely, the Worst Credit Rating in Christian Jazz.
Maybe it's the coffee, maybe it's the snow, or maybe it's just me, but today seems less Monday-esque than normal. How's today treating you?
To tell a person i love you but im not in love with you to me seems like a way to tell a person go fuck yourself! :D
it's fine ?
Hey Kiddies, Come on down to There's plenty of toys, fries, broken bones, & fecal matter to go around :)
Sen Ayotte, are you trying to sell yourself for VP? Palin w/ a brain? You still buy into Romney/GOP/Ryan stuff. Move on. MTP
eek! spell check :)
we both told you we were coming to my apartment hahahah you did this last night
I'm going on a road trip to Nashville this summer...who wants to go with me.
We're issuing a call 4 future BAEMP meet-ups! Where would you like to have an evening gathering? The , or elsewhere?
Professional contact, in the third person, announcing that he will be going on a splendid vacation for the next two weeks =
It's just as creepy if you make those faces sans make-up and Faygo, dude. Try doing the same thing today, make-up free and see.
Apparently it's National Humor Month. My dad just sent me an email. Subject line: Humor. Body: "Laughter is inner jogging."
thank you 4 #GoGetIt you're impacting a better me with it I live you Mary's
I remember my first beer...
Just made me a meal na its tyme to smash watch a movie n relax
*sat in traffic
Time is a constant, thus, adapt to ensure you do what needs to be done. The complaint shouldn't be "If only I had more time"
Los Black Lips!!!
This horrible night has been made easier thanks to my #Yankees Tweethearts!! <3
Grime! where are you running?
WV WHO? | Fans upset announcer confused W.Va. and Va. If only they'd find such conviction over real state issues.
legit LOL. sup
I think a matter of what gets done b 4 7/1 that will decide for him. Too many UFA/FA, until that is decided he doesn't.
do u want to? Lol :) I know u want madison! <3
Bamboozeled by Slick Rick & my love for all things Jonah Hill!! The Sitter is terrible.
I think I have a reply figured out in my head. I'm wondering why I feel bad; seriously, this guy has some racist tendencies.
2010- The #BP DEEP WATER HORIZON
that's a lovely new profile picture. You look adorably trapped.
where's is that at....
What? Serriously. They dont think he is weird? Have you seen his videos were he wears make up and play with knives?
Watching Dragon Ball Z!
CAUTION: while this WILL lessen your hangover, it will NOT lessen the amount of urination found within your bedsheets.
If you love our stuff, FF?
That's the CHURCH NURSE!
You have to be willing to sacrifice a little bit of yourself, to help others in need.
Just finished writing a song 4 the ladies called "One More Time" is anothahit from ya Boy Cuda Dahitman!!
Watching insidious with (:
Who else is #running this AM?? Trying to psych myself up for the awesomely chilly weather we're having.
aw actually I had to make the tough decision to cancel that talk. I'm doing MuseumNext in Barcelona instead. Do hope to meet!
Yeah, that's right! ~RT : We suffer way too much from sh*t that never happens! 'get ready to be ok'! ;^)
what's up??? How u been? We gotta meet up soon
Christianity needs a "Jack Hanna" type tv show to help kids learn not only about bible but all the missions and outreach around world
If you are looking for some amazing art, please check out our friends at www.wallartdecorstore.com. Eye Catching!
The maid+the Croatian are just used here as oblique ways to tell a story about what two men did. The panda is the least of it
For my birthday I want sonny with a chance season 1!! That show cracks me up!
A musical #FF in honor of JazzFest:
Good morning everyone(:
Love that Sea-Tac is waking me up with a dose of local music.
damn mane my bre is grown now :(
Just watched the latest #Downton Abbey and gotta say I'm still on Team Lavinia. You have two more episodes to impress me, Lady Mary.
Now in Clapp LLR: "libraries as space for teaching, learning & research" event
Tenacious defense being played by both squads. Nothing coming easy around the basket. All tied at 16 with 5:14 in the half.
Murat, thank you, appreciating your tweeting as well...
ART BOOK?? Very excited about that. Also, I would chronicle all the awesome tour pics & make photo book if I were u :)
Craving hot wings. Let's see what Woodside has to offer!
By the way....shouldn't Earth Day be taken a little more seriously? Most of the other holidays would even exist without this ol' rock.
you're welcome:)
Next up is the Beef Brisket, Once that is done I have a couple deliveries to make! Sure smells good!
Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have... (Hebrews 13:5a NIV)
New Formula for movie picks: They bring it up on Doug Loves Movies & no one makes fun of it = Go see it.
Gotta get out of here!
Even when they dont like him.
: don't forget to tweet about the #dcstatehood petition!
Cops nab suspects in SE Powell shooting. Complete details coming up on Portland's Afternoon News 4PM
Thus commences my annual tradition of pretending to care about football.
What is this about jelli radio?
Throwing money in the air, like i don't really care
thanks for the shout out. (:
In awkward situations, we all pretend to text.
Wow, RedBull just swooped in and gave out drinks. Guess they know their market!
Jinx. MT: Between Handel resignation, blow back to contraceptive coverage, might have hit peak reproductive health controversy.
Organizational question: What dept oversees and manages the #TravelPolicy in your organization? #Procurement #Travel #Accounting??
Thanks so much to everyone who attended #Chicago Heroes for #Haiti last night. Great turnout for a great cause.
i put the original pic of the 'gaaaayyyy' one in my older sisters backpack and she handed it to her teacher xD
Fun is a good thingRT : ... And thanks for having gluten free pizza! This means can join in the fun! :-)
Up up and away
-I hope Pres Obama doesn't make Boehner cry. I hate when that happens
- We'll work on it!! Thanks for the suggestion.
Everybody, put up your hands, scream "I don't wanna be in love.."
So does a person try to tell corporate that learning Sass/LESS or any other CSS framework is worth their money?
Well, the Bucs are third in the NL Central.
Kaylee Deluga recently signed an athletic scholarship to Saint Anselms College in New Hampshire for volleyball.
Perhaps he's a brewer?
You did. RT : I knew the heli crash was fishy. And Abottabad is not just "outside Islamabad". Its way, way outside.
Ohh Monday, how I loathe thee.
I'm recording them cause I'm watching the all star stuff on tnt lol you?
#DearOomf , stop sending me followback mentions ! I see that you followed me !
OHMYGOSH SO I WENT TO TYPE 'hey!' AND THE IPOD CORRECTED IT AS JERRY . WHAT
Lol at Colin Cowherd
so when are you gonna hook me up with some seats like that?
#RememberRapWhen people use to rap about Maximas and crews was rolling in them MPVs aka Minivans
I knoow I really new to cut carbs now, but the more that I work out the more ravenous I get in the afternoons haha
Bloom's Taxonomy of CItizen History: Data Collection, Transcription, Connections, Synthesis, Reflection (ty !)
If our phones were babies, a lot of them would be dead or lost..ha
Just got my yearbook! We worked so hard on it and it looks great! Yerd for life!!!
horsebackriding with the cheetah girls... :)
And you will need librarians/curators to manage the big data!
Why is this prosecutor acting like this is her Oscar acceptance speech? Disgusting
He had heart surgery. From what I understand, he will be doing fine because he got it done !!!
Job applications??? My job makes me want to drink!!!
If there is any doubt, researchers of all kinds will find & use your museum's online collections. Material culturalists need them.
no, but I swear that entered my mind a minute later!
The Thing / Antarctica?
Peace and quiet..
I love over the internet fights so fun!(:
Now following >>>> #TeamFollowBack!
ah true, my mistake. removed that earlier, I'll be sure to add it back in.
Angel,omg 
Hit squads on deck
HI, Bud. Follow more people and get your numbers up. Tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough.
Hooker lose a critical #CivilWar battle due to mercury poisoning? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out. $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
I've never seen Glee.
#ShoutOutToo she has in her bio so that means she's dope cause I like kid ink too. Everyone follow her!^_^
Let's give Marcum his first win! Go #Brewers!
That awkward moment when your in your room and someone is watching football and screams at the tv so loud it actually makes you jump"
B/St. John members: there will be rehearsal tonight in Griswold @ 6:30
Living young and wild and free
Chris Paul celebrity bowling invitational on espn. The voice of #mubb is calling the shots at the lanes.
I think its funny how whenever someone's friend faceplants or gets hurt there friend always laughs at them its very odd haha
Thinks Mark Sanchez is the real deal, was thoroughly impressed tonight.
Back in the game again. Just booked 08/28 Mastering The Audition seminar in Dallas. TV season is coming up. Are u ready?
Goodnight . Can't stay awake .
I love the feeling after you get done working out! #feelinggood :)
I love that feature. Especially when I meet someone in class on the first day and I forget his or her name.
I'm so proud of myself for getting 7 new tumblr followers in the last two hours<3
Hey love 'CheckMate', but why you chose to get rid of the number pad for PIN entry confuses me. Don't need full keyboard.
Indeed, baseball is humbling.
I've never heard of that one, I'll have to check it out!
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,she knows i love u<33
Things are working out nicely :)
See...I actually am good for something. :)
10 Best Inanimate Objects on Twitter
Order in the court. You judge everyone.
We do too
IMO Stud 8 is the easiest, but that is b/c i suck at it
I looovvvee you
Swag doesn't involve being an asshole to girls. [S]he [W]ants [A] [G]entlemen
Can you plz YouTube it? ;)
i gt u..dnt strt yo day wit stress.
exactly a year since graduation...
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
not all of us can work at edgy think tanks.
you all are the best!
thank you thank u 4 following me but i still need mor FOLLOWERZ!!!
ASTD keynote author and leader- Jim Collins-"when times are in chaos, true leaders go back to their training"-- you must have a key team
IF YOU TEXT ME FIRST ; IT'S YOUR JOB TO KEEP THE CONVERSATION GOING.
: I feel like I'm becoming really mean to everyone. your Fucking messed up O:< too
Today in FS Cmte, I questioned Dir. Cordray about its "ask us anything website feature helping #consumers answer financial questions.
rahhhh i want...
Home from work. Shooting Crown. Give me strength!
nah im just not interested in prom, but who knows i might, might not lol
the weather is nice right now in Florida, enjoy #funinthesun :)
RT : Cool: our "Text A Librarian" service is coming this week. Text us with your questions
you don't actually know him he's just a douche bag so you know his kind
What do you think of my idea that Scott Parker might be a good addition for Arsenal?!
It's 's birthday? That is *literally* the best news I've heard all day. Except that it's also my bro 's birthday!
he hasn't had a stripper or a buzz in a minute!
the feeling is mutual. Thanks for stopping by!
If you try to keep everybody happy, you'll never be happy!!
You're a natural at this!
yumm lemon pie
Had a Quiznos Sub.Italian) Did Some RecOrding,and Wrote some RIFFS!
Whispers baby listen..
we, and I, beleive if ubhad a card last year its the same card as there is no expiration date.
"There's no suing app on your iPhone."
success! It's so ice!
so am i :D
turkey hunting season is just around the bend YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wonder how long I can keep up this self-inflicted insomnia...
Business is a good game - lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money. ~ Nolan Bushnell
Today marks the one week coundown to giant FLUKE!!!!! May 1 7am! Also we will begin our night porgy trip on Fri May 4!!!
We are a white out #azspaseries w/
I just spoke to SD-based and they confirm they are adding bacon-flavored milkshake.
 Looks like you mean Corona Tuesday to me!
: We're watching what you do and want to discuss pricing, a very sore point here for us. ok?
Foster-care reform to continue with settlement extension - Northwest Cable News
I love this song sossoso much!
Ugh! Penalty takes us from 5th to 26th and a lap down. Rain looks like it's going to end this one early. Par for the course this season.
Happy to see Epiphany hasn't become too commercialized.
i followed!
my bro said I did a good job updating my profile pic. Then i forgot the @ in my response to him. I failed.
Denver might send the Lakers fishing! HaHa
red wine & soup 4 brunch/excitement
couldn't agree more. Although he is trying to prove himself playing with that rib
good morning, muncie. you're looking quite awful. let's get today over with shall we?
watchin a movie
Wear contacts? wash your hands thoroughly before putting them in or taking them out. Wash with soap and water thoroughly!
WWF working together - Save Tigers Now
WOO!!! can't wait now <3
Try Mumbles on High St. Great soup! RT : & I are reenacting mortal kombat moves. We've GOT to get out of the house
Just having mobile wallets will not drive user adoption. Offers & coupons will entice users to actually use a mobile wallet
...and also writing software to assist me in my method as I write. So I've had to reconcile myself to the idea that this could take a year.
Caught them:):)
Im not shy! :) hello! hahaa
I'll be there with ya tomorrow.... :(
Nah playa. RT : I was knocked by 10pm, but I already know LA fans mentioned Bron at SOME point during the gm last night. Mandatory.
Might have to order another DVD just so my love can personalize it. Hm
"you may kiss the bride".
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier.
where r u getting a tat at? Loves this new BB locale...lets meet for a drink here soon!
Can't wait till march
so did your phone make a full recovery or did you end up finding a replacement?
I'm thinking someone ought to warn Apple :D
I LOVE YOU FOR YOU.. NEVER CHANGE FOR SOMEONE IS WHAT IM ALWAYS TOLD.. ITS TRUE
Ronnie James Dio (R.I.P.)
IT WOULD BE SO MUCH BETTER IF U WOULD PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A WISH COME TRUE UR SO AMAZING & ADORABLE :)<3333333333344
waiting on him to get back with my car.
thanks cutie!
OH MAN that kids covered in Down Syndrome.
Why. am. I. still. awake? Erghhh
Hope our new followers won't think it's a bait-and-switch when all we do is post about Body Count several times a day.
...so what if we like to wear jeggings
sure, it was a "friend." i believe you.
Come over. Someone bring some limes
We are booking up fast! Need a pet sitter for the Holidays? Book your free in home consultation today! Don't wait till the last minute!
The random phone calls I get from >>>>>
Starchy food and baked pork & beans also will produce nightmare, as will various morbid affections, such as aneurism of the large arteries.
Good luck to everyone else taking AP exams today!
home from running an errand and getting lunch. working on master bathroom cleaning now
plz follow me for my birthday plzzx
Many empty seats in the Gaston Hall balcony as Newt Gingrich begins his speech
Funny story, Met the SAS man on a ride last week. Great guy, sharp looking jacket. Support the locals!
Barack: "I do got a dumb friend named Chedda Biden, who shoots himself in the foot every time he addresses the media."
Guys will be guys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls. - Anne Frank
what up I would like to request Feelin Fine by
lol jokes on you
hey nyc, some BIG show news coming late tonight or in the morning - stay tuned! #NYC,
no, europeans.. well i guess they are our ancestors too..
I don't know if we can have a hang out, we're pretty busy today. But we'll be tweeting as the event happens.
sorry its spam messaging
Nobody ever fucking talks to me like that.
just be ghetto fabulous, steal her clothes and bf... #problemsolved =]
Do you have a poem? Mine? #Phillis Wheatley's Imagination. Happy #poeminyourpocketday!
Send your light, love, healing, positive energy, and prayers to our friend Steve ( ).
Just finished the Frontline web chat. A lot of great questions -- and not all were from my old boss :) Still making it better!
RT : Spoke too soon on LaMike based off the articles im reading. Imagine I just caused quite a stir in Oregon. #GoDucks (Indeed)
Good night twitter fam!!!!
thanks Joe!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
#WhenImAlone it's because I don't want to be bothered
School tomorrow:/
is a #dirtyho for what she did. Your broskis have your back!
#Hater I only have time on the weekends! Lol RT : oh so you're tweeting? Who knew you had an account lmao!?
: : That's Doc Emrick, Coach. And you're right. he is awesome.(thank u)
Maclin had a silly week
Noticing our disappointment, the girl at the box office said "Don't worry, Jeff Garcia is here, and he's hilarious!"
76 pins in my head.
Consumers exposed to a brand's social media are 50% more likely to click on paid search ads. via
my 14 year old describes the El Anatsui as "dense"...one of his top three favorites
Football & potty training al day
my deepest condolences to you and your family on the loss of your grandmother.
#Ossining parade traffic is the stuff of my nightmares right now. On days like this, I wish I had a SmartCar ... or a bicycle.
I can be your hero baby
. A demographic data analysis showed that the majority of respondents were female (83%),
#Clippers get the dub in OT
of course! (:
Ah its storming at the beach its so loud
Already had to tell a telemarketer where to go this morning for calling me twice in five minutes. This rainy day better get better.
that's the best!
swag swag swag on you
UPDATE: Crash on Cornelius Pass Rd involves a truck on its side with a power line down...Cornelius Pass BLOCKED.
I'll do this on my own ... I'll get us back on my own
having dinner
great pop culture pieces. Will you send your next one to post on Vitamin W (3 WC women behind the curtain?)
Being famous at the nail salon for the designs I used to get >
thanks for following back. hi there
Or the one who genuinely loves me. RT : #Cancer cant stand being away from the one they love.
: Landry Fields from the LBC. That's all.
Pork Belly Special , Wine Wed $6 Glasses/25% off bottles, Rev Happy Hr 9-cl in bar! $2 off alcohol & small plates w/ Robert
Love seeing Tyree on the sideline
bands of the world: if you want to know what awesome is, go see archers of loaf on their tour. holy crap face.
Never tell "friends" too much, not everybody has good intentions.
Agree! 288 makes Short Pump a hop, skip & jump away!
Adding analytic graphs to Interlink for CommitCRM to better measure trends in ticket volume, backlog, and support performance.
What a night! Dinner at INDIEana Handicraft Exchange and Murphy Center. Tasting at New Day. Late dinner at Bed.
What's the new gig?
"Ditto" sweet mama! Have a great day!!:-)
BITCH U WASENT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
At Sendiks in Mequon tasting Purple Door ice cream
AW U NEED A NURSE...LOL
Thats why we are here! To help you in this new endeavor. Sign up at www.buybobnow.com. It will be useful to you very soon!
u gotta win even when u lose....
God will never put you through anything you can't handle <3
Yo man! You have the same cell #? Texted you last night, not sure if it got to you. Can you send me Matika's current #?
If this fuckin bird don't shut up. -_-
we have rico, pablo, gabriela- shake dat ass, daddy yankee, carlos santana, pitbull, mammasitos, pappasitos.
Hunger Games and the power of merch
My bestie and I had the brunch. It was great!
Soundchecked @ 3:30pm now it's go time in Annapolis. Time to get this party started. 2morrow I See Herman Burney with Wycliffe Gordon!!
thanks for the connection.
Good day for the pack!
Mayweather is so Hollywood.
Certainly understand!
i'm so Sorry for your Lost Thomas May he R.I.P ! :)ILYShawty<3
that is to say 7-year affordable term
i did like you said and threw an oodle of vegetables in a stock pot. I think there was even an avocado in there.
Not like i need my nose to breath or anything...
Hail really....?
Ive seen Phil Robertson preach in person before and he's one of the best preachers I've ever listened to.
Looool my condolences.
so yes? hurry to 517
Probably the best pitch I've seen yet. RT Make sure you get [TeamStream], so my posts can vibrate ya pants!
rent or buy?
Damn straight! That sword is MINE!
: I miss the Bonham lol...You know where it's at!!! Don't be a stranger :-p
but for sure u missing somethingz! ;-)
I'm awake. That's a start.
wonder if I'll always be with you.
Time to find some breakfast, take a shower and begin my day. I'm off to a late start...
There's good information to share with my #jour111 students in this lecture, but I must admit to picking a snoozer of a lecture.
It seems to me like Chris Brown is a lil aggressive towards the female species.
I was bout to say you'd go to pride and the gay club with us!!!
#shoutout to my friends in Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Spain, Russia, Estonia, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Belgium, Turkey, Israel
and I are riding on majestic steeds into a new adventure. Actually were stuck in traffic on 90\94
RT RT : "A good novel tells us the truth about its hero, but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author."
thanx- should be fun going to Albany
Man do I love hockey playoffs
Not ever even really lol
ain't that the truth :P
Only 4 more days until we raffle of the Ipod Shuffle! Don't miss out, enter today!
just knowing 2 things one chris knows my first name and two hes getting better i can go to sleep happy now
actually 2 more(:
1 they are listed as none profit. 2 they are protected from goverment interference do to freedom of worship.
Up with the sun again, off to a breakfast with GOP Committeemen. Beautiful day - House to House TO THE HOUSE!
hey every one ,JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50%OFF SALE at561-748-8801will ship any where in USA
really? what was i doing haa
liberal agenda
unless you been with every dude on the planet , you CANNOT say all dudes are the same , cause that shit ain't true.
Going abroad this fall? Have a great internship? Just love CSU? Think about blogging for MyCSU. Direct message us if you're interested!
Jacob I have something to ask u
Missin those good old days where your biggest problem was choosing which toy to play with in the sand box :(
sorry i tweeted that twice, put the wrong link in the first one
planet fitness starting monday :)
I'll play you in a game of bmx.
Going to sleep no texts no calls :/
in Chicago.
The only man who succeeds is the man who is progressively realizing a worthy ideal. - Earl Nightingale
Denny's straight beez in my trap
I like that J. Harden disregarded that prior elbow and came to play. Lesser man would have been intimidated.
such an awesome time-you all inspire me!
w.family
Watch Gary Mayoral-Elect Karen Freeman at Noon on Perspective
in Charlotte.....do you think our family is in danger?
hey followers, tweet me ;)
Happy Mother's Day!
#lamarathon participants: got big pigging out plans for after the race? -lisa
There was just a straight-up sneeze battle in the office. may always win. gross.
:Just bought Mission Cook.Cant wait to read it.making a zuchinni and linguni with ricotta dish and steaks
SHOW ME WHERE SHE AT DEN MY NIGGA PLEASE!!!
please RT if u are online:) and ohh follow me plzz:)
S/O to for being here for me since middle school, even through all the bullshit! Love ya !
my students don't remember it,I had a parent even complain when I asked students why 911 happened. Went to my principal....
I hope I get the native Hawaiian scholarships..
Just updated my band Nigh School's blog. Check it out. www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
Oh someone crashed the boards!
sure followed
definitely the 5 boxes of absolute 2011 was crazy!
New set of strings on, 13 gage & thickest I've ever used as normally I use 11's or 12's .. Yay 13! \m/\m/
Basic bitches wear it so I don't even botha'
is actually enjoying working during the holiday week.. it's soo quiet and i don't have any meetings.. why can't it always be like this
Who really watches for Adobe Updates? Do you? Did you know a hacker will expolit those types of vulnerabilities? We can help. 512 873-0447
you know it!
Ben black is bad !
The power of good writing: "Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass" Anton Chekhov
Reusable content vision is sometimes blocked by not having an idea on possible reuses
Just spent the morning cleaning the house. Happy mothers day to me
My friend just got whooped in boxing lmao.
Maybe not, but it means there is hope... ;)
Sundays are whatever you want to make them. I am choosing to work!!
good one : words meen nothing with out the actions behind them
Does anybody have dialogue with other parents about media consumption before sending their kid over?
see what we are about, have a few fighters from amarillo aswell
The past twelve hours of my life.
complete lineup in 54 minutes, y'all!
Last day at Dscoop come by the New Page booth to win some great prizes
Harry potter and the deathly hallows 1&2 > studying for finals
These brands are identified to be worlds finest chocolates
I'm not big into gender segregation. Except in bathrooms. Then again, I don't like anyone in the room when I go.
Agreed: ": thinks Tuesdays make for much better Mondays than Monday."
Sure! (It's the satanic bible) " Seeing a girl enjoying God's creation WHILE ready her Bible is Very #attractive #mayijoinyou?
RT Blogger Heather says all PR pros should write their own blogs to know how to relate to bloggers they pitch.
what is that?
Oh, hi there "overwhelming sense of responsability", I was wondering when you were going to show up.
I think somebody is gonna get stropped dropped and rolled
Waiting for a specific person to text me. Tweets keep psychin' me out.
I wish I had a lot of money to pay vocalist to sing the songs on my record. 50+th play of Either Way this week...c.can't stop!
. -- your response only shows on my android app, not on my macbook! Anyhoo - thanks. yes, codahale/metrics has this and looks good.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...:)
: think I'm about to go plank in my bed (: goodnight
hope you guys repeat that defense.
going to the ship huh? have fun at the ship dog
Roll Right In -- songs about booze on for the #FolkMarathon! Uh oh, now I wanna hit the bar!
very convenient, but where do privacy concerns enter?
Was at the set of NY Ink yesterday. Honestly I expected more.
Spurs-Jazz Preview
RT : Don't miss ! In the break-he said I was his favorite republican! #who knew. Not a badge of honor!
RIM opens Blackberry World with "Forgotten" by Andr Sobota. You can't make this stuff up.
Fallout Boy
I didn't agree, I said Tebow, he said Brady. Just said that love was gonna die.....you a Tebow lover?
So I wont be on until 2 in the morning... Tomorrow...lol it's all day... K BYE<3 Love you guys(:
Um, its at least 80 degrees in Atlanta. Please tell me why you have on a "fur" coat?
That moment when hard work finally pays off :)
Thank you too ! cheers for follow :-)
Lucky Friday to you! RT : #FF #Karma this Friday the 13th
bro i need sum help
Morehead State winning the battle to get smoked.
Oh, and happy birthday to two of literature's most lovable fools: Fred and George Weasely! :)
Good! RT : How was it RT : Went &amp;amp; seen #CabinByTheWoods 
I miss you twitter! I will never ever ever let you be left behind cuz of stupid school! Alright time for tumblr
paying attention to my bio huh.im almost done with this roit remix of mine i made today
Oh no... I apparently also say "library."
Oh, cousins are interesting! Lots of potential there
Apparently the power play philosophy is shoot the puck into the opponent's legs until they can't skate.
put your hearts LOL
Shush! Don't tell women that!
#ACA making health care available to millions;now isn't the time to let employers, insurance co.'s deny access to critical services
hit up Nashville...
There is healing for all in JESUS' NAME!
Agree! RT : I think it would b great2have #K12 #parents #counselors #teachers & #principals join us
Lol Im Bout To Carry This Cause Im Mad .
Its here we ready!!! RT : I cant wait till tomorrow...
Psychiatist says one or more of San Diego's problem police officers likely have RX drug/alcohol/addiction/depression issues
Continually impressed by the variety and quality of articles by Check 'em out folks. You'll wish you'd found them sooner.
Just saw a dog sitting in a corvette...and it KNEW it was cooler than all the other dogs.
good luck today
End of Month special on Jigsaw contacts. Hit us up for great deals on contact credits.
if I still could edit wikipedia I'd change Meyer's entry to include that she's only 8 & wrote all her books w/ crayons
how so? curious your thoughts.
you deserve everything Austin. You've come so far & worked for every ounce of it. I'm proud to call you my idol.
Every time we plan a reading, there's a moment of deliberation about how we could get you there.
Money can't by happiness....
For as challenging as teaching can be sometimes, 20 kindergarten hugs in a day goes a long way to remind me it's worth it.
On May 12, we opens our traveling exhibit Eww! Whats Eating You? which is about the histories of humans and the parasites who love them.
pancakes!!!! Yumm :D
duh!! Of course you should! You know how amazing is!
me to.
Thanks for the RTs, mentions, and stars (!), y'all!
#musicmonday DO IT!!
Example #287 why I'd be an awesome house wife: Cleaned my apartment in my favorite heels, just because. ;)
Hollins of Fame.
I think the #GoldenGlobes is going to have some stiff competition Sunday night since a new ep. of #DowntonPBS is airing
I wish I had those lights where I could just clap and they came on!
poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!"
When I get texts like this, Fwd: Just popped an awesome zit. Wish you were here! >
chaneling : "Access to publicly funded research should be a human right"
And then Aubrey was picked last. Please. I'd rather you sabotage them.
Even Meryl Streep hates me.
really SGP voice
"I'm a madman with a box WITHOUT A BOX!"
If you find any item in our store at a cheaper price from another website or boutique, we will MATCH & BEAT their price! :)
What am I supposed to be doing with #scoville? Still haven't figured that out.
I'm not strong enough for the both of us. What was I supposed to do? You know I loooveeee you! <3
don't deserve them but yet they're living and you were taken from us. I don't get it. There's never a moment I don't think about you, but...
Been addicted to my new phone: the HTC inspire with the Android OS.
Good day
Our prayers go out to our fearless leader who is going into emergency surgery within the hour to fix a detached retina.
I want the frizzies to disappear! I live in the deep south with 100% relative humidity!
Why are the police blocking T St in front of the Hilton? Really jamming up traffic on Florida.
Some of our dearest friends are grieving this hour. Their precious newborn baby was carried into the arms of Jesus 2day. Will you pls pray?
have him in for a beer, play some Madden & ask him how much Browns fans would need to put 2gether 4 him to retire a Brown
My Kindle 2 back button would take me back to where I was so I was really annoyed my Kindle Touch didn't. So, I'm happy.
Will be in LA for the film festival screening of "Rape Kit" Aug 11-18. All West Coast friends must attend!
We're at the today welcoming 500 guests to #Indy!
Just meditating on God after a long day, God is super gracious. I used to be a slave to sin, now I'm free! AGTG
I hope!!! Do you know if the tour is coming to Albuquerque??? Hope to see you soon kneegrow!
I've always wanted to know what my dogs dream about
you only pay if we reach our goal. Pressure.
Looks like the cowboy game is going to be a good one.
so true
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay"
lol....woah anthony! Hes a big boy, he knows what he said. Yo watch raging bull deniro an pesci mad young great movie
I'm good how u doin boo
I've literally spent every night in London shaking bc of the cold
Obstetrician and endocrinologist. Everyone wants in on this! :)
Hehe, valid point.
This was literally the most inconvenient time for me to get sick just w h y
Thanks for the tease. Too much anxiety in my body I can't even handle it!!
Target security guards ready to receive protesters
Gunna have a fight Saturday! I've gotta. Last game off to season! So if anyone makes the mistake of make a stupid tackle or tryna be funny..
Samples and Drops are up and ready! Check them out, and more, on #productionvault!
did you purchase your megaticket yet?
Haha! RT : Once again, having a really bad love affair with Sugar, Carbs, and Saturated Fat right now. Sorry Gym.
MMG takeover at #Echelon3000 Thursday don't miss out with and other guests ! Ladies Free All Night !
That commercial where the dude finds the little girl's lost puppy makes me cry! Damn you AT&T!
2013 :-/ but I DO want to come experience Turkey. Every time I see a doc or TV show about it I think about you 2.
Another item on #CV council agenda: increasing 389-unit Olympic Pointe condo project by 38 units and 1.2 acres.
. and LOVE IT WHEN MY HOSTS GANG UP ON ME!
In english again xD im so bored!!!! haha
feel better my man! Make sure tends to your every need! :)
and I really like how he has tied in characters from many of his other books!
Thank you Daniella!
i want a krabby patty
Hahahahha will do (;
That's 7 kids in almost 7 months!! Imagine what we could do with some serious financing!!
Crossing my fingers White House responds- just tweeted them directly. Proud that WA House & Senate responded to a local Tw. petition on ed$
So far, AGT has been only moderately interesting. The guy with the stringed instrument was entertaining...
Our mobile version will be released shortly. Don't worry, we'll let you know!
But Wallace was still less accurate than McCoy last year.
Um... is following me? o.O I'm gay, despise Gov. Bentley, and am completely against Alabama's new immigration law.
sorry, I missed this tweet. What was your question?
You know what, GREAT POINT! I stand corrected :))
im soo depressed now:(
Wish me luck for today's football games, if I win this week I'm handed 300, if I lose, I'm handed 40.
the artist
Eileen Brady shared that her daughter is getting married to girlfriend this summer, supports equality
i may just do some at home, but if you want to go, I'll do it!
Droid X it is.......just getting 2 know her
I can't believe just got me with #aprilfools. Time to go to sleep in CA and wake up to the 2nd - free of dumb pranks.
I'm excited for the NFL draft tomorrow..until the Browns somehow fuck it up then I'll be pissed
Hair stylist #Vidal_Sassoon has died in Los Angeles. I wonder if beauty school dropout is about to play...
I hope school goes well. Are there good spec ed programs in OR? My son did so much better once he had some classroom accomodations.
Wow. Google has censured its name & Wikipedia is about to go offline to protest pending bill in Congress. Will be interesting day online.
Protein shake needed bad and then gym.
A all I saw were two big Fiddles!
Great YoPro in Print event at Bolger this morning. Thanks to dik, Charley, and Bryan Bolger for opening your doors!
Dang, I'm going to bed! RT : Getting less sleep is associated with a 200% rise in cancer, 100% rise in <3 disease & 20% rise in...
The #NHL playoffs are crazy! LA Kings 8th seed knocking out both the 1(4-1) and two(4-0)seeds? Fan of any sport must appreciate that!
Hillary Clinton to Congress: "He's a very smart man but he is unfortunately not bound by the laws and regulations any longer of the US..."
A letter writer does not need to receive an email request to submit electronically, they need only log on to our site.
slap happy morning and coffee
re ' ... i used to be a maintainer of the RSS PURL...' - maintenance is spread out but it seems you are for modules
tim tebow come to jets nation we need you on the team you could be the man i'n jets nation
Go Kick ass at Aussie Olympic Trials!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers!
Haha me to I always sing in shower xD
Yeah for Triple h
slime??? i dont know whether to cry or laugh
Man that was my favorite card
indeed. Jazz going to make it a rough game
Not to mention everything by Steve Martin.
Hey Obama; Your 2008 'Hope and Change" crowd is currently walking the streets UNEMPLOYED!! Many able bodied Americans UNEMPLOYED!!
I love him! Too bad he is probably completely incapable of moving let alone protecting anyone hahaha
I would but I'm not a "normal tester" so oh, well
Final: Vandy 6, Cats 1. 1st series loss... *sigh* Have to snap back and get ready for the Gators
Thanks for sharing with us about your vision and work. Interested to hear what folks think the future holds for magazines.
Congrats to #UDHoops Soph forward, Joe Stephens on being selected All-SCAC Honorable Mention!
cancelled my home phone and ordered 10Mbps internet.
They claim we're
#NP Jennifer Lopez- Love Don't Cost A Thing
I can't send a DM until you follow me as well
 Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. Isaac Bashevis Singer
what ROM/theme are you running? and on what phone?
Watching #wkuk funny stuff. Sad it's their last season.
ha...Julia sometimes picks up my deodorant, holds to her ear and says "hello"
2 more week till the #MPP opens and i can get myself a tan.
tonight's to-do list: 1.) watch MNF... (end of list) GO CHIEFS!
I've been on tweet limit on my other account for over an HOUR! So mad >.<
I just invented something worse than "teabagging": coffee beaning. Let the mind wander...
Yea cannot be missing Celebrity Apprentice and how about Ivanka's shoe line, gorgeous right?
Ah yes, being a grown up sucks.
Thanks for the reTweet! I hope we get to see you at the event!
can I get a shoutout boy?(:
I did. We only got to watch one cartoon in the studio :(
yes!!! I wish :') right? I think so too
LOL K.O Joints.
Maybe it is a case of the Wednesdays or maybe we just heard of another great drink special... check out Cypress Saloon to find out! or RT!
RT : No studs just two bad bitches!
thanks Vashti! Attending these events gets me so motivated!
I tried this whole school with food poisoning stuff. Went to the nurse's office to lie down. She told me I looked terrible and sent me home
Thanks BOO boo!!!!!!
I love to give homemade gifts. Which one of my kids do you want?
Howdy, gang!
i'd rather be hungover than under hung
Greg is extremely fortunate to have so much "in his background" if you pardon the pun. I know men that crave such discipline!
You must be REAALLLYYY bored.
Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardrobe on is a BIG fan of
Not a fan of this. Lovely concept, but most of us have work to do.
i hope you learned the first time and wont do it again .
Get your daily dose off all things #rock and #metal by following ! Piranah approved!
You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you. And you're welcome.
Materialism vs Philanthropy - I'm not sure that it can go both ways.
She obviously has a thing for costars.
i am on the computer like crazy!!!!!!!! :P
Rainy Friday morning don't make getting out of bed especially motivating. Permission to stay in bed, please?
Ah, sophisticated photo spreads at walmart, absolute genius.
ur coming right??
Ur the best! : The only good thing about being late to class is catching an extra dose of haha
Once I hit 50 followers I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE #soap, body butter, sugar cube scrub or lip balm! Please RT!
LOL be safe
Really Google? 'Congrats on my new little bundle of tax credit?' Ur def STALKIN MY LIFE if u can deduce were havin a baby during tax season!
Every day in ever way I care less about what other people think.
Will you be in Houston for Strobist and McNally?
KASTLES FANS: Wish well in her recovery from a left wrist injury by tweeting her a message. Show Hot Rod how much DC cares!
Winter making your hair frizzy?? Come in and try our new Argan Oil! It'll fix your fly aways and have your hair silky smooth!
only that we were awful to the Spanish people! We have few redeeming qualities as Americans. :-/
it would have looked weird with the rest of my suit.
Lol you're not forever alone, you're only fifteen.
i know it's hard to believe, but there was a time when dennis miller was actually funny. and smart. #proofofalienabduction?
Lucky Lucky, I'll b makin the trip there in 3 weeks ~!
story of my life.
Happy Birthday to #SArockstar, ! :)
Take a look around, ain't shit nice in this careless world..
#ohthanks ;) I didn't know you were into peach fuzz
Claims wimax is good option for wisps
: You can get addicted to a certain kind of happiness. #FirstWednesday #RoomfullofJesusfreaks YES!!
Let's just look at this from 30,000 feet....
slept weird i guess...
Maybe OK if an #entrepreneurship track is added to the curriculum to help students innovate and face new challenges ?
Thy look like hairy nipples or a mole
Should I spend $9.99 on #50shadesofgrey for kindle??
i think the lesson isnt learned then if you keep taking the same chance :-)
Getting ten different poster designs in this week to see which ones I wanna keep to sell ^_^
A nice sunny Sunday morning !
WHO GOT SOME FOOD I CAN BORROW? ??? ^_^
LOVE it. Ps how cool is it that Ohio had 4 teams in the sweet 16
If you come across a full length mirror with built in lighting whilst nude and you're over 30, just turn and walk away.
People who ask celebrities for retweets are so annoying...retweet if you agree
LMAO!!!! I'm sorry #Bestie, it will never happen again:-) You already know, that noone can ever replace you!
"Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory." ~Dali #quote...appropriate on #TaxDay!
Thanks. The blue on the print & poster images are fine. It's like my digital banner image has faded with age! Time for a new site.
Twitter is adding right to left languages to their translation center this spring beginning with Arabic, Farsi and Hebrew.
agree. i like her blonde as well.
Wonderful! I look forward to reading it. :)
#wma2011 "learning how to think with art is far more interesting" - [re]vision
No problem, and no pressure :) Hope to catch you at the show if not at our place.
. OK, keep it down guys. is shooting daggers our way. I don't need any more trouble right now.
He's hitting .467 right now. Nbd
... spirit summons its own spring with love's presence
Weirdest weather ever
Chillin in health class with with my mohhazz!!! 
congrats! Prestigious victory. UCLA is proud of your defensive performance. OK i'm ready for the offseason now.
CRASH: E Main @ Baseline in Hillsboro
Love Penelope's dress, but not her hair :-(
How about RT if you're NOT!! RT if you're HETEROSEXUAL and for STRAIGHT MARRIAGES!!!
MRI on L Ankle this AM. Hope 4 no torn ligaments/tendons (surgery if yes). 3 1/2 wks since fall. Still painful & wearing danged boot! Grr.
okay good!!! I thought you were still playing! Just making sure :) miss you and hope you get back in the game soon!!
Hunter, cause c'mon, how badass is Hunter?
Let's find a date that works for the 4 of us. We'll schedule it and I'll post it on the #fitmke site.
Orchid show with
#BCEagles time to rock and roll!
June second pool party and bonfire at house!
I don't know y'all but dudes a baller, period. On a team full of playmakers stands out
This show is such a joke
: The talk with and in the library today >>> was fantastic 
Does someone maybe want to come give me a back rub? Favor will be returned.~
You're very welcome :)
Yes, your profile photo.
Hey Josh, I'm a big #Rangers fan from New York. Can I get retweet?
that explains it :)
Big ups and thanks to all who came out at quassy lakes today respects for the welcome seen real reggae lives ..1
We shall not be moved -- A powerful and uniting statement.
Omg why is it so hard 2 try 2 get noticed by I wish tht 1 day he would c a tweet tht I mentioned him in plz RT:)
Putting $$$ where our mouth is: 100% of profits on online CloSYS oral rinse to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
If drumsticks are for playing drums, are breadsticks for playing bread?
San Francisco Creates Green Leasing Toolkit for Commercial Buildings
Never the less, you still have to come down to see us and the lots if you're going to make a killer deal.
hello my sisters! Blessings!!
Best of luck David. You've done good work here.
Internships, let's get them done
We took many awesome things and made something more awesome! Try the Ham & Asparagus Omelet! Cherry tomatoes, Cheddar & Hollandaise on top!
Ironically, gerontologists do 2 things well. Extend life expectancy and then ignore social policy consequences.
43 degrees in new York city right now.... Nice!!!
No amount of money can make me.
Just did an interview on WMPC for their show "Off the Bookshelf" - was there before, what a fun show to do and a heart for God.
lovin' it! Though it looks a bit empty tonight.
#OnlyGhettoPeople buy the new "Jays" before they pay rent...
Honesty, Openness, Willingness (HOW)
Feeling very inspired to make a subject 'trend' on Twitter. Anybody want to join forces and get on the Twitter homepage?
Watching footloose.(:
For you drummers out there that do covers simply type in drumlees tracks in the youtube search. You'll find tons of songs without drums.
Wow! is already over 1000 FB likes. This is only our 8th week open!! We have the most amazing customers!
Well, according to Wikipedia, the sandwich originated in Nebraska or NY? I don't know...but my mom always made them for St. Patrick's Day.
At South Metro Denver Chamber editing B.I.G. Day event video. LOVE the cloud!
Wish I couldd just go
Hiya Sandiee & good morning :) hugs
Listening to country music while cleaning.. god I love my roots.
tired haven't slept in days.
I'll kill you if I find out you watchin some other movies bitch , press my buttons baby , press my fuckin buttons baby - Tyler the creator
Listening to Some Nights by Fun. and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it!
dear users of YouTube, please stop posting footage that you recorded with your cellphone at concerts. It looks horrible! sound sucks!
Ferry Building farmers market!
Next stop, Chicago. Then on to the Buckeye State!
yup! and there was a class in there right after he spoke so we had to finish up by the elevator :( not cool.
thank u
Does GW have a science requirement? I'm not in touch with such issues. Anyway, enjoy!
practice makes perfect...this is true for a soldier,footballer,athlete,wrestler,boxer,singer,artist...but not true for you
CHEESE BREAD is for now! $6.99 delivered. BOOM.
sometimes, being scared is okay. Because in some cases, fear is the only thing that saves you from doing something foolish.
takes one to know one?
Hearing little noises when it's dark as shit and you walking alone DOWNTOWN. Wondering, *have i ever seen This place, this empty*
Loving someone and being Inlove with someone is 2 differnt things! I Love Alot of people but Im inlove with No one.
My phone gets no typa love -_-
tossed a couple trail cams up today
Dex: 'Manuscript' is probably the classiest place to hide the word 'anus.' Me: Oh Geez Dex......
Glad Tip is out of jail but damn homie could you stay out of prison so i can hear some real music!!!! you're needed!!!
its good for going to Cuba
good luck, break a leg - I"d like to be there but meetings all morning.
nice! Played with one earlier this week- checkout BMD 2012 Catalogue before leavin Oxy today?
chewing stride always mandarin gum again. it's very delicious - eugene
DeLeo responds to Grogan: "It is my position that any type of new tax, I just dont think right now is the right time to do that."
I'm so happy that Obama rejected the Keystone XL pipeline permit today!
,you will always be the best for us mahomies
Note to self: Do not tell a female you're free balling after she says she loves Tom Petty, and especially don't start singing it.
Damn I step on a nail today, it did not feel good
I knew there was something in that spaghetti....lol.
March of Dogs - Sum 41
#1DAddSeattleTourDate It's only fair. We were part of the challenges in case you guys forgot.
our government had been corrupt since inception
I got plug like the back the screen
Looks like Oregon is having a tough time.
Our own Dr. Mike Nelson will be speaking on KPBS midday on the newest autism research from a pediatrician's perspective. Tune in!
Tomorrow Arizona...
B2B training at our store this week! Going great as far as reorganizing the store and better serving ALL customers- Big Improvements coming!
That moment when you're at your meet four hours before your event! 
now I know how you guys feel when girls fangirl over bands.
you eclipsed me there! with the Luna question!
Watching Knocked Up because it's amazing and it's about a mother.
Mega quote! "#jedward may have a large penthouse apt , but after 10.30 I have the whole bus station to myself " - Steve Brookstein
no need to to be sorry.
TRUTH!!! LMAO!!! ": Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely."
Glad to hear that the surgery went well. May healing proceed quickly. *hugs*
do you remember a cassandra garrison from famu? Graduated in 1990? From chicago?
"Dont make me make you fall in love" -
Yeah! I see you!
I think I have more Google-branded stuffed animals/objects than I had Beanie Babies growing up.
Now in bloom in Jack and Wise Counties: redbuds, peach trees, wild plums, daffodils, irises, and lilac.
WATING FOR #BELIEVE ALBUM :)
u good... Nigga u kno wars dumb
3 am is gonna come way too early! But so excited for a week in Austin, Texas! :)
Love is grand... divorce is a hundred grand!
i think it's time to find a better job.
Wow , nice attitude. Where'd you get it at? 'Abercrombie and Bitch?' c;
So is justin beiber trying to be like snoop dogg or maroon 5 go his new boyfriend song?
I don't really understand what to do with Klout.
... Changed my avatar to Dany. Excited to see her and her dragons tonight!
Now offering All Over Printing (print covers entire shirt). There is a 100 piece minimum per design for AOP. 20% discount until 2011.
A movie I watch every year (along with Firefly and Long Way Round): Primer. If you've not seen it, do so immediately ;-)
#cough nah I don't #cough ;-)
CEHD iPad initiative is the largest of its kind at a research university.
Had a delicious and super social time at #TechSocial! Thanks everyone!
I was born alone and....
Will not see the light of day for a long time.
let me know lol
Ron Artest antics don't surprise me
Singing for hailey : Me : I love you like a love song baby... Hailey: I WANNA FART !!
#newfacebook the only good thing is the bigger pictures other than that i now have over 200 people on chat.and the ticker makes me dizzy
Feeling like ass today :X
is excited to be watching the #Padres tonight!
Love (and sorely need) some mindfulness at SXSWi "attention to intention is how the mind changes the brain" thank you,
I love that one! Used it last on new years. I need to bust it out again! Thanks for the reminder :)
nun much just chillin... wat about u
Embrace the wobbles! Thank you Buffy Hamilton!!
I hate when I can tell I'm starting to get sick...and there's absolutely nothing I can do about it 
thanks for all the #FF appreciate it.
Music, Corporate & non-profits trust us for CD/DVD duplication, printing & custom t-shirt printing. San Antonio & South Texas trusted.
generally speaking east bernstadt pretty chaotic, hawk creek area sustained great damage to homes in laurel county
RT - "The explosive patriots offense will face a great Miami dolphins team".....then the broncos v. Raiders hahahaha.
I may not know what is ahead but one thing is for sure, I will NEVER find out just standing here. - Leslie Denman
have not found a place yet...
Thanks for sharing our flash mob video.
Indeed it is!
lmao ikr. I never dress right for the weather /:
I disagree-rare vinyl at gigs where it gets stolen, scratched, etc? No thanks! MP3s don't get cracked, warped or spilled upon :-)
well hot dog, er hot brisket!
glad you saw! the book(s) ain't cheap!
Im out..I made a mistake, didnt see an ep raise a reshoved ai QThh otb (10bb stacks in the blinds) I had 125k at 5kbb He had QQ
Thank you to Destiny's Child for rescuing this episode of Glee.
thanks! Seems to be the consensus so far.
As always, call your congresspersons (don't email, call!) to tell them not to limit research access you've paid for.
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly & Win $200!! Email answers to . The winner must live in Colorado. There is
Nice to have lunch with my boy John!
My colleague just chimed in that she's started THE DRESSMAKER and still waiting for something to happen.
#kced points out that more and more of the teachers that works with have students on the #autism spectrum
Church was Awesome < understatement...whheeeeww.. .. Jesus.filled the church #Deliverance was grabbed!
Watching A Bugs Life!!!!
I do too! They're filling up my feed nicely. I especially love how it looks in Tweetdeck w/the BW UI. It's 5pm somewhere.
Follow the pancake fairy! She is a hoot!
Bring your favorite male/female pet to the game Sunday. We will be filling the ark located outside the stadium.
how is Sir Mark of Muncie?
WOWOWW refs CHEATING. Hibbert still in.
My belly still hurts, but I'm going to have a good day (:
"Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive."
Just heard won a National Addy on
Summer's coming! Sign up during the NMX MEMBERSHIP DRIVE! Get your membership today!
Nuggets fans are chanting Kobe sucks. I've never heard so many people lie simultaneously
ok lookin ass
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
ALSO - guess who got a pink stand-up mixer :D :D :D
EARLY IS BETTER THAN ON TIME & LATE
good thing you speak it ;)
If I was at the game, sure, I can understand. Dumb to broadcast it on national TV, though. Annoying. Not everyone adores kids
Looking for a pet sitting job to add to my other pt job. Have thirty yrs exp with horses and dogs. Vol for greyhound rescue.
if only you saw what I could see you'd understand why I want you so desperately <333
You may have taken away my Facebook..But you can't take away My Freedom(or my Twitter!;)..
woooohooooo! I win! I win! Yay for me!
thank you, I'll actually be 25, I just wish I was 16, again.
Walter White #Dome squad
MedlinePlus.gov is a very reliable medical resource, but god, it's search function stinks
Teachers Sarah A./1grade & Lauren T./Art w/ Wildflower Elementary waiting 2 meet #ColoradoSprings Donate/Volun
thats really good to hear ! keep up the hard work on that education and football : ) i always believed in you kevin : D
I just hate city so much. Like I woulda rather anyone else but city win.
Boston Business Journal honors athenahealth as a 2012 Best Places to Work winner
Amen! >> MT : Author says "I don't need an editor" Really? A great author knows to get good editorial input & direction.
I don't have any long term plans yet so we'll see how it goes! Maybe NYC is next :)
Officially a teen. Yeah buddy!
he's awrsome'
Notes from Chef Reba! Leftover pumpkins post Halloween? Toast those pumpkin seeds for a healthful snack for your child's lunchbox! (or...
you mad ?
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer. Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
Join us help end child hunger Sept 18- 24. For more information on how you can help go to www.dineoutfornokidhungry.com
Watching chronicle
Wanna come over to MySpace and Twitter my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook?
President&#39;s residence served treif meat on Independence Day? | The ...
Send me 100 words about Guetta. Seriously.
Thought you were tired of waching movies
Thanks for the info!
Anyone have any good interactive ways to do grammar notes?
why my account spamin' WTF ! had a stupid day...
Dear Girls, it's not worth crying over a boy. UNLESS, they are Niall, Louis, Liam, Zayn and Harry.
oh, gotcha. I Hope u do. I should be on n daytime
Wow! Really impressed with the new business model. Great idea!
Keeping the sticker on the ballcap is like keeping the plastic on the couch
SO Jelly Pickler!! :p
just listened really like up up up!! gracias!
Good luck to all the students during finals week!
you were pretty, I'll leave it at that lmao.
ELI AND CLAIRE ARE GOING TO FALL BACK IN LOVE!!!!!<333333
hello hanabe and friends
'Torches' gets better and better with every listen
was it a iPhone 3G?
hahaha whatever. i love them all
Ugh why did I have to see that tweet: (
I wonder if ever got her bangs. ???
aw that's nice :)
Avkash Chauhan , Jared Wray, Shy Cohen and Paul Morse are an awesome last batch of speakers today at #CloudFairSeattle!
Just saw a monster truck in advanced autos parking lot... No joke. O_o
>>>MLM News! Ausante( New Company Listing )
Damn. Ohh well. Dibs on <3
OK that's enough for now I think. Maybe finish reading GREENMANTLE and take a nap, gotta work tomorrow night. Or there's Bill Burr's podcast
Boo. Shame on Fox for considering Sean Payton
Being in between belt holes so you have to either wear it too tight or too loose <<<<
Hey just sent you a FB message re a web series. Friend of
Driving on the exprsway w the windows down on this lovely sunny day, while wearing earrings that sound like wind chimes = feels like spring
wanna go downtown ?
I'm fine. how about you?
Dont let yourself be put in somebody else's box. Keep moving, growing, and this will demand that we develop new skill sets #Lyte paraphrase
Cool!!,where and what position
That was a joke. I haven't had an Internet connection in eight months. Finally signed up for Comcast.
you all can join
shes already ugly... on friday me and michael were eating candy he had and then we ate the sandwich i had.. she looked at us
thanks for following me back!
- curious....is it better than a laptop? seems like the main consumer need that it satisfies is the need for a new apple toy
o_o how old are you
reading drafts for some of the students who started their papers early.
This season is not in vain!
Niggas wit thick ass stripper bootys make my camel toe dry...
im good just a lil sore.. hoping it dont get worse
Yum! RT : Btw I'm making shortbread w/lime zest from 's book for the CooktheBookClub potluck on Sat
Join us this SATURDAY at PIER 59 STUDIOS WEST, Santa Monica, for the opening night of MOPLA! It's a free and open event - 7pm-10pm!!
MU looked pretty good so far the first half - staying with Tennessee, even through the sloppiness
Every Saint Has A Past, Every Sinner Has Future.
Beautifully done Victoria!
"My imagination makes me human & makes me a fool; it gives me all the world & exiles me from it." -- Ursula K. LeGuin via
#alastranded tweets are turning out to be the best of the entire conference. Hang in there!
super fast & love the tweet option. I'm an Apple God worshipper myself. Praise be to Jobs. RIP.
If you want to create a Batch Process for documents in Adobe Acrobat X, it is now under View-->Tools-->Action Wizard. Create a new action.
The power just went off @ work and my only concern was finding my purse, smh.
So want to do this RT A4. Christmas in Ireland, twice!
Everyone come on out to Blast Friday tonight. Cleveland Street Clear Water.
The article is by Mark Galli, who also authored the textbook on Francis that we use in iConnect, our first-year class.
haha of course! 
Nice! How do you find out about these teams? Pulse?
Mhmm next month i'm out there..
Thought 4 2Day: The trappings of the world can trap you in a spiritual prison. Pursue holiness not worldliness!
haha yes! I sent u a couple DM's .. Use it! :) lol
Looks like an awesome opportunity!
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs Because of the media
Wow. Having to switch sports for the heckle (and no Cornell connection!). Desperation.
I support traditional marriage, but vote against amendment one
May the 4th be with you! LOLOL
That's great! Glad we could help out.
face down in a Walmart parking lot
It's a beautful Saturday afternoon.. Grab a margarita... or 2.... Relax out on the patio, feel the cool breeze as the fireplace keeps you...
You'll do great. :)
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE ROOM HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
: RT! : So when do the shirts start coming off??? #TheBachelorette #undercoverFREAK that tag tho lmfao!!!
i cant do this he too raw i cant concentrate i keep dancin
...still painting Great American Ballpark...not sure what to do next- Comerica or Target field? any thoughts?
executive chair reviews | Why Did the US Invade Iraq in 2003? A ...
I'll dance with you! How was Thursday? Sorry I couldn't be there.
I don't mess with too many women
A few last minute cancellations opened up some spots for tonight's Riedel Wine Tasting! Call 290.5720 to sign up. (Hurry! Last Chance!)
Stopping by for dinner this weekend. Chef Taylor is a culinary genius. I always have fun at The Southern.
I may not get any blog posts written @ #BlogathonATX, I am TEARING through to-do lists for my clients.
BREAKING NEWS: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates.
Random, but I think my love of sci-fi is much stronger than it should be.
"last night got the best of me..."
my dog just crop dusted the house. i hate her. so much. so so so much. lol
great rehearsal. Great to see you on twitter.
I wish! Wasn't me :) But was super cool!
: BUILDING A GLOBAL EMPIRE
5 hours at school saturday 6 hours at school today And now i have school all week-_-
No dessert and no wine?!? All sounds a bit convenient
yall don't listen....
Less than a week away from our show at the Rogue, great indie music and lots of free Light Rail stuff, come on out!
This reminds me of the Victorian era when fashion created major spinal problems.
Thanks! Will do. Hope grow hairs on my back.
Chicago RT : Where is everyone Eating and Tweeting from tonight?
Making dreams come true <3 <3
they're all in fucking Boston.
Wait it might b little 8==D lls.
Well my internet isnt working
My life will be 60% less stressful starting Wednesday afternoon...
Once again, the perfect and easy-as-pie solution to a student's problem didn't cross my mind until an hour after he left the library. Sigh.
A huge shoutout to for his debut last night on You look fabulous!
keep yo head up boy
Employers requesting Facebook passwords - even though its illegal- candidates just create two accounts!
said, "i come to embarass yall rappers, I should run a marathon backwards, so I can see what 2nd place looks like"
say hi to bendtner for me! :D
thank you for being our 100th follower!
Need some caffeine to get me through this week ..  study study study..
nice! I like that! And i think he just might!
For the Love of music
Which film should win best picture?
we need a picture of matt with cody AND jared.
I'm going to see it AGAIN in a bit with my brother LOL It was so good Gigi! SO GOO :')
UNSCENE Urban Navigator is online!
what you booing me for?! Lol
Lunch at Desta.. yes.
You guys should jump on the #PaulieTrain now because once I get started there will be no stopping me.
Tell them you want Ice Cream and a sponge bath from a hot nurse.
Wake n bake
love that you're channeling your inner "Bunk" on Twitter. Best HBO series ever.
HA! if you have a "strong, restless desire" also known as a "hankering" to come to Denver Feb 10-12...come say HI!
why thank you!
finally! The meaning of Squishy!
We all need that one person in our lives who we can tell everything to. Otherwise life becomes so lonely & painful.
Yes and they are wonderful. I am a big fan! RT : All of Babette's amazing clothes are made in a California factory.
He still makes music ?
Good morning, everyone. Happy Thursday! May be getting an apartment today; fingers crossed!
1pm RT : Tune into local lunchbox today and pledge for a chance to win Jaill albums + guest spots to the Release Party
Hey we just broke 1,000 followers! Much luv 2 every1! We're glad 2 see u understand how funny it is we're called "Hipster" Vegas! U get it.
such a cruel joke that I have to layover here just to fly to Orlando & drive back
I agree. Had not watched in years. Watched the other nite and Anderson Cooper was just awful, doing the #GOP talking pts :(
I do!
i love hanging out with other bloggers! had a great time with !
Let's go ...Beat the #Fakers, uh, I mean the
Headed to Beale
Why not download our app, and serve your guests wings on the patio, and get rid of those old notepads :)
yes they are! Kylestock band!?;)
Panda express>>>
Can't argue this RT : Prospective employers: Don't want your terrible benefits. Pay me appropriately and I'll buy good ones.
Onions and cilatro: the ruiners of all nice food.
No go on Sean Parker Keynote...
After a couple times I know what to expect.
Congrats Josh & Cesar. The first to try out
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet? - L.M. Montgomery
fun times at retreat tonight!
I'm tatted the fuck up but I could be even more tatted
Family is all I will ever need.
but keep in mind the phones you buy off that site aren't going to be in great shape. They are affiliated with bestbuy.
i have a car for the day. if you want to hang hit me up!
Follow back plz?
This Dallas weather is bipolar right now!!
Thanks for following me! :)
Text RED CROSS to 90999 to donate $10 for Japan disaster relief.
Shrine tonight??? RT : You know how we do!!! RT : Too old to drink like I did last night. Today is a bitch lol
you lost when you said "classy like the hills." what show?
Ask who where what is?
Movin across town...
I started at twenty minutes a day on the trid mill now I am doing a hour! I can feel the difference!
I'm so ready for 2012!!!
soon - next weds may 9 - share it w David bowie actually :-)
we should petition for call-ahead orders at Publix. Drive up, get handed your bag, give them your card, and done!
Your welcome, have a great weekend!
WOW DID you SEE today!
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
That's a good point. Makes me wonder a lot. I hope so.
Damn, Gina. Don't think I could do that.
Impressed w/ quality of service. Three rides this weekend at all hours. All five stars! Thanks for a great new transport option.
Amazing game !! Another "W" for the #Browns!
Isn't the Kony day this Friday? I think everyone forgot lol.
Got the modeling itch, any photographers down to do some test shots with me? Gotta keep those portfolios up to date ;)
Thanks! Bookmarked for me to read later! :)
What was the name of Ray Charles autobiography? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to Let the Good Times Roll.
has to be my spirit animal...
Zumanity,The Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil Get your prefered seats book at www.myvegaspeople.com
you should make the bucket hat your MF Doom Mask... in other words, your trademark lol
do it! We miss you :)
Shirts and ties when cleaning the beach, please
LAST MINUTE GIG! Spike Hill in wburg this Saturday at 8:00. We're gonna play a new song so make sure you come out!
Yes, prosecutors, should have that power. If they don't #uppers, no one will listen.
New CyberLink Media Suite 10 Redefines Software Category - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
What to do tonight????
Birthed that thing thru pain & travail! Had NO IDEA what I was doing. Ear to the Father & lots of encouragement from
How long are delays on the Red Line?
Can't watch the Nuggs they start blowing it when I do....guess I'll watch the Rox
I've been good. :) Nope, not yet. :P a few months and I can get a new one though :)
Free cute little gift bags with any jewelry purchase!
completely coincidental. :( . Miss you dude! Hows the tour been? 1 month til we reunite.
Received email advertising a local bakery w/ phrase "jogging suit" Really? More like Lulus people + no running reminder w/ carbs, ok?
$SNPK what a recover...
Maybe next season we can cut to the chase and paint the roof of the Space Needle "Tacky No-Taste Teal".
ON THE STREETS OF LOS ANGELES: #CicLAvia AT DODGER STADIUM
No Sponsoring Required Yet You Can Get Paid Residual Income... www.YourTimeToAct.com
being smarter explains it too but the connections from/to divio makes a lot of sense for the purpose. it's really well done!
I knew it haha
you're not too far from la?
Thanks for sharing!! Follow us for new exercise tips daily!
think Inglesias and/or Lavarnway should go to PawSox or stay with big club?
During the summer months, women in Haryana, India fetch up to 23 vessels of water per day.
Overheard in class: "DON'T think about dead puppies! That'll just make him laugh MORE!"
Nothing like an outdoor shower during a thunderstorm.
...you sound great: warm, understanding, etc. You follow her leads well: food, legal sec, etc., but she wasn't letting you in.
My calculus exam looked like foreign language 
thank you gorgeous!:)
LMAO. Something like that. What a disappointing performance by Maia. RT : Were they drunk?! :D
awesome! Drive carefully!
#iheartradio can't wait to see Bruno perform.
ok, this Gritty Goat video is finally coming to life! yes
Eric Church's "Love Your Love The Most" made number 8 on CMT's Top 20 Countdown today
: #ThingsThatDontGoTogether - ME & Cigarettes! R-T if you DON'T smoke.
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
yea it's pretty dope
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
There is always a consequence of every action lol :)
Please marry me
Beyond sick. Someone help me babysit and bring me some soup 
stretch vs. shady
RIP Maurice Sendak!! I love where the wild things are
that's cuz it's true.. & please follow back(:
look at you, tweeting!!! Who'd a thunk it. Love ya sweetie
Good job..
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the number of moments that take your breath away..."
thx for following and spreading the word. Anyone having a problem with a boss or landlord can call 720-440-CSOL
I, apparently, can't drink anything without spilling it on myself.
Super Bowl time!
:-) You can't ignore what's right in front of you#=$+!
We've been talkin' for so long, now we're finally here in person.
FREE fun and McDonald's #HoppyMeal this Saturday for #EasterBunny arrival!
I left the Isles Omaha game, made a lil before the game broke up, it will probably get going again later, maybe I'll go back tonight
I just peeped the #RoadtoTheRiches video on youtube where can i hear the studio version? Im feelin it
I love my job! :) Jobs, actually haha Hm, maybe you're actually stalking me?
#S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife.. i need 2 passes btw. must see NONE MORE BLACK
why are we so hxc
Love your song "Call me Maybe' i am now a huge fan of yours good luck in your future and keep up the hard work!!! <3 <3
you're very welcome! Hope you enjoy it! ^_^
when she said that u think she met her legs lol
Can they please vote off Colton please?
try Lincoln park!
Can't Wait too see The Hitman vs Verb battle
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
that video is so good, but I'm sad Nick Offerman was on the wrong side.
Woah!! Long time no talk! :(
first show in Savannah on January 20th. w/ at sentient bean
with Herman Cane as the new media-proclaimed darling of tea-partiers, what happens to rhetoric saying the tea party is racist?
Woo saaaaa... working on letting go of the past this year.
steph. call meeehhhh okay we need to win this competition like now.
. Great question! I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
Thank you Mija !! RT : good luck on your exam! Party hard ;) study harder ^_^
Thanks for the link! I don't think I'll be making it down to the city, so I need an alternative :)
Aww. If only vanishing closets were real, then I could send some to you! (forgive the nerdy Harry Potter reference...)
Time to hire a CMO...
#RejectedPickupLines You must be tired because youve been running through my head all night.
Mixing a new jam. Ya heard?
Thanks for following girls :D xoxo
Your prof will deny saying that.
We would love to begin our careers in Seattle! Do you have any positions to suggest to our May 2012 graduating seniors?
Happy birthday <3
Love it!
Happy to spread some Holiday cheer and !
This KU regime is turning out to be worst than the Terry Allen disaster. Somewhere, Mark Mangino is ...........
yeah, nice but way too late...
that's good shit though
M, funnel cake. Haven't had one in way too long! Looks like you guys had fun at the run. Congrats to Susan!
we should start our own reality TV show.... We can call it "Three Ladies and a baby"
Devil's Due.
im going to the game too
That's a lot of love! RT: : Love the videos Love the Blackhawk Love Shamarr & the Underdawgs!
nah we the same height
Maya Banks guest speaker @ RWA-SD this morning. NY Times best seller multi genre. Awesome writer life.
We are getting ready to take the stage at ! FPL stage @ 6pm!
#Auditioning for #Victorious. wish me luck! I #dream to be on #DISNEY!
CANT BELIEVE ME AND THE GIRLS MISSED LIL BRIANNA MUSIC VIDEO SHOOT THAT WAS THIS WEEK END .... BUT CAN WAIT TO SEE THE VIDEO .
But bye.
what?! Road trip!! Next Tuesday after work for sure
It should be illegal to be up at 4:30am.
do it! If you need a DeLorean there is one parked inside of wormhole on Milwaukee.
Ozaukee County is a small place
WTF? Has your account been hacked?!
could have cuddled with me!!! I was freezing!
Gotta love Arizona potentially hosting a Regional and Super in first year @ Hi Corbett
ID LIKE YOU ON A TRACK BOO.. WE COULD MAKE A HIT ;)
we on the Same mission, just a different grind
this weekend passed by fast....
How many of y'all up on Instagram? show me
wondering how long my list of potential blog names will get before i actually start a blog...
same here
backbone.js :D
Please continue to follow :D <3
To paraphrase Sartre's Roquentin, "5:30 am is either too early or too late to do anything you want to do."
Happy Anniversary!
Thanks for sharing. Great looking Tiffany windows and what a spectacular structure.
Let's get physical, physical. Let me see your body move.
LeBron James needs to stop with the fuckin' flops though.
Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're
Thanks for the
RT - Baseball will always be a legitimate distraction in my book.
I can't wait for prom and kings island!
Can't wait until this Kentucky title is vacated in two years
aw <333 thank you!
I wish I had the guts to confront people who litter.
People change so that you can learn to let them go, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.~~~~~~~~~
getting harassed by cops<<<
I haven't seen my girls this week.
im not angry, but you can hug me anyway
it made me smile every time I heard celebrity going to Africa. where my roots come from.
Thank you all for my Birthday Wishes. You guys are so sweet
man nvm i not excited about the new COD Black ops 2 trailer i can already tell from the whole technology they have it. the games gonna blow
Why does K-Rod appear to through 4 times harder than he actually does?
for a second i thought it said "pimp house".
how'd you guys like my frageelay comment on FB? LOL
Things are happening... Just keep the faith :-)
stop at Monty's after the fishing Tournament & wear your Life Vest to support
Your site has a message popping up advising that it may be unsafe. What do you keep referring to?
Haven't lost a game in my bracket yet Let's go!!!!!
Interaction w/ the #network means we learn from each other & are reinforced that remembering past & changing future is key objective
Damn Cant Stress Enough! Mad At The World!!
yeah but he got knocked around
Hahaha get out of our city New York!
Sow good services; sweet remembrances will grow from them. - Madame de Stael
I need you
sarcasm is a less aggressive form of stating what is truly on ones mind.....life is already confusing enough just b straight up!
Realizing I am out of conditioner 30 seconds after getting in the shower was the highlight of my fucking day!
RT : My first tweet from the town hall meeting!
Life is a patchwork of friends.
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday. :-)
Congrats to on winning the Wpt $350 for over $115K! Catch some of his rungood at in Aruba!
If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though.
hey Josh! Any clue on the iPhone 5?
haha! you're quite the silly one!
I don't smoke it but weed should be legal
I know all because I said hi
Sorry, I'm halfway through catching fire and not liking the lack of action. Minimal internal psychology is what made the 1st one so good.
Def. just watched my beloved Brewers blow it disappointingly in last minutes of BOSvNJN scrub time here at Prud Ctr.
Is thinking belt designs tonight! Chain, stones and creativity!
for a minute i thought that was real armpit hair haha
You know what I hate? People who answer their own questions.
I was in one of the first issues of Urban Ink, a while ago,
I just saw a guy wearing a beanie and gloves... I know it's not 80 degrees anymore but dude come on
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
Long day in davis...time to nap it off and then get focus faced
SatansParakeet: Working on my reimbursement submission for #sla2009 and mourning the decrease in travel funding from last year.
well thank you sir! Just trying to focus on finally having some fun ya know?
love that song!
lmaooooo and then will never txt bak right after I tweet that ! lol
I'm that uncomfortable full 
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Mike Burton
the office closes at 4
so irresponsible with $! That 200 dollar check sets benchmarks. Im coming after whoever, who has it!?!?
Atlantic city, we comin
Everytime I hear them announce Jason Kubel I hear "kugel," suddenly I want to be eating dinner at my grandma's house.
America's surrogate mothers explores the role of mammy in popular culture.
#bayarea #talent #agencies: Shastic's got the talent! check it out! www.shastic.com
I know what she's thinking...
Pink Floyd vs. The Beatles: Who do YOU think was better? Or is old classic rock music dead and should stay buried?
Did Nick drown?
does anyone drink tuaca in this state?
oh stop, you're making me blush! 
Smh this "mother" has her baby daughter carrying all her shopping bags.. Some people just do not need to be parents
Brockton Reds, Bens Dream White Sox, Middlesex Brewers & South Shore Cardinals advance to #cooperstownclassic playoffs on Sunday.
Hey guys: lots of intelligent liberal people live in the South by choice, and you're not helping any of us. Asshats.
up 1 with less than min left vs texas d1
Thank you! That means a lot to me.
Just installed our first Spanking Station in this public family restroom.
I'm good at drawing its just I feel like I'd mess up.
Good Monday Morning Twitter fam!! How are u doing this morning? #ESPRESSOTIME for me :)
Me at school ... IN CLASS: "I'll just do this at home." AT HOME: "I'll just do this in class."
the social media marketing manager and the web comms exec director in my dept are going. pm me if you'd like to hook up with 'em.
RT Happy mothers day to all, enjoy!! U deserve it  // THANK U.
You all enjoy your black Friday, just please let me get some coffee quickly on my way home.
Im gettin tired of androids..cant wait to get the iPhone 5...whenever df it comes out that is..
I know!!!! It doesn't make you any cooler.
Tradition has never stopped you before. Is this in a show?
I vibe harder without headphones
Added 1, count 'em,1 new poster into my database. Stop me before it get too big.
I did not miss my parents
R.I.P. TO ONE OF THE GREATEST LEGENDS OF ALL TIME....MR. DICK CLARK
working on my MR presentation at caffrey's. #casualwednesday with
connected with you after the lake ..
Lol going BACK to sears so my mom can buy that tv
To overanalyze the source of aptitudes greatly diminishes the mystery and beauty of all our abilities.
great way to start a cloudy cold effday is with - Let Go , all time favorite for many reasons
"Excuse me but, you're really cute" <-- Story of my life cx
lol vick when I'm at my dads house I'm coming over!
If there is a god valverde closes the door here!
If your thinking of seeing "The Cabin in the Woods" rethink it!
Thanks for the mention/RT. From your admiring friends, south of the border.
nothing recently... I need to get back out there!
: Chargers officially retire No. 55 as it should be. There could never be another 55 in San Diego
you never cease to amaze me great job. Can't wait to see what happens. Very sad about the hiatus
Lets Go HOGS Beat Auburn!! And go Hard 4 CHRIST
This URL doesn't work!
REST IN PEACE DAVY JONES
Thanks for the shout out! You ROCK!
hey. You need to check us out. I think you'll love our music :)
Hi Simon! I'm good, its FRIDAY! WOOHOO. Happy Friday to you. Big weekend plans?
So is Drake leaving Young Money after his next album or what?
um What happened? :)
OH at Red Feather: do you have like Coors Light or something?
just grabbing life by its balls
After #GhoulsGoneWild , stop by for pizza and beer! Or pizza! Or beer!
Thanks for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
how fun! We'll guess it's John, and if it is, tell him we say hello!
Can we ever do anything sober? Hate drinking all the time.
omg.. that is SO weird. I was literally JUST listening to that song. Damn, its a good one.
those should have never been relationships!
I am now a proud member of
oh, i'm in love with also, she's pretty great too
Don't let your anger get the best of you
Agree 100%. But how much is it worth? THAT'S how much you spend on new stadium. There's value in supporting "home team"
I like you because you would hold my hand and call me beautiful, I #LOVE you because if I had on makeup you would wipe it off.
Agility or search-and-rescue training are extremely good ways to mentally stimulate, some dogs
"This My Last Time , Not Asking Anymore, If You Don't Do Right, I'm Walking Out That Door."
It's not working with that either. :( But it worked earlier today... Lol
you are there?(:
Haha, thank you!
Haha i have to put gas in the car x)
Dagum I gots to practice my wobbling skills! concert in one week!!! #ExtremeAnticpation <3
Followed them all. Interesting peeps.
Tracy from the Santa Monica store was fantastic, she deserves kudos, also Jasmine who helped immensely.
Welcome to Twitter. Hows it treating you so far?
30 minutes to #1k1hr - you in?
...who I work with, and it'd be fun to have a job where I get to interact with people outside the office, but I'm not too picky
My brain is mush. And now I'm going to have make up work to do.  at least I'm done with both my ap exams!
In B-town
Gott love Neal. Complaining about a non call when Spurs are up 34 pts
now that's a show you can't miss for a year and have any idea what's going on. 2 Walters? So confused.
I have enjoyed eggplant Parmesan but I could probably do without the eggplant part.
Look at getting all
oh yeah and and other famous followed me !
omg I'm coming and I'm watching and I'm eating all the takeout. I'll buy first round. WE CAN LIVE TWEET IT!
what miss my blonde hair, black roots are defo better than grey ones
This news <
: . eliminates another. Chip leader with 15 left! #inthemoney #ineedacharger
John Q is trending does that mean it's on?! That movies badass!
The Titans are just hard to watch this year...
You're welcome. Glad to hear that everyone is happy!
*respective. RT: Melvin Gordon & Derek Watt were the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during the scrimmage.
right? Lol I'm enjoying this game :) hahaha
Which means I'm one degree and 25 years of accomplishment away from having The Anfield Road End named after me.
What will drivers of economic growth be in Massachusetts over next decade? What should state/local govts be doing to drive them?
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
RT : Fun Fact - Wild rice is actually a seed, not rice!
great exchange going on between and about wikileaks that highlights the intellectual and political divide in U.S.
Is it really worth going behind my back?
gotta also plug The Ex's collaborations with late cellist Tom Cora. "State of Shock" -> "Hidegen fujnak a szelek"!
which PUTS song do you need the name of?
just wondering :-)
Don't make me attack you again
I wish we werent so far :(
Truth. Mr. Universe has been off, however, Philadelphia's offense is pretty explosive.
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 (twice) including right now + Hotel Fire in SnoCo -- Join & the others for rt.now
i don't practice Santeria, i ain't got no crystal ball.
word went bar hopin down west u kno how i do
#lifevineworks co-founder and author, brian weddington is at the youth summit!
Hilarious video! Glad you are ok though.
Just got off Project Audience conference call. Lots of talk about portals.
I hate when I take long naps.
same as the ratio of leprechauns to unicorns.
amazing what 6 months exercise and good diet can do I almost feel skinny twittering this morn away 8am yogi ,run an hour this eve-slim JimC
Thx Jess! We <3 you too.
When the other person isnt there, sometimes we tend to make up their side of the conversation... Which really isnt fair to either one of us.
Thought did well to get Brandon Marshall for $17 in our mock auction draft today big-time value.
Tune into Emily G on 1067KISSFM RIGHT NOW! Tweet her
Happy #FF to you! Enjoy this beautiful day ;) RT :
yeah you should hear what some of the talk show radio hosts are saying here he's handcuffing us is far is free agency goes
Some serious hatred towards my phone right now
I can't wait to see the venue tomorrow though!
I'm new to Twitter.. trying to figure it out.
#fingerscrossed : Crossing fingers that this guy busts out a ramp and board and answers questions while skating.
It's true..... I go on a twitter rush when I know I on twitter, can't resist
We're young wild & free
im pretty far away but i took some and some videos :)
#sxsw Anthony #Bourdain Visited Franklin's BBQ this morning and says "Fuckin Unbelievable!"
Why do I always end up being alone in dark rooms watching serial killer documentaries
Newbridge Home Loans = Closing Loans FHA - VA - Conventional - Commercial Loans - Private & Hard Money Loans..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
DIRECT MESSAGE !
Jamming to early 90s rap with the windows open. Ice Cube it's Friday!
U NEED TO STOP..GOXGO
RT Today is Twitter #Followback day,the day 2 stop being anti-social, meet new people & follow back your followers;~)
#thechew is all about cheese today, I'm stoked
great observation. What counts as investment, and what are the returns?
There is a tea kettle and a newspaper subscription my Christmas list. And on my grandma's.
I appreciate everyone that follow me and I sincerely wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!!!
My annual New Year's tradition is getting all rankled by how lame the comics are. I AM RANKLED, 2012!
what you in a on a friday night missy? lol
If it's not rough it isn't fun.
Town of henrietta Can Suck My Ass! "A more open form of government, one that is approachable and responsive to the citizens of the town" BS!
Good plans shape good decisions. Thats why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true. ~Lester R. Bittel
Hi just wanted to say hi, and I hope you have a nice day!!!!
o I'm jealous!
Super Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Lowest Prices Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale. F
thanks for guessing, but not close ;) : My guess it is a homemade lollipop?
send him a message to worry about people getting jobs Very stressful situation
enjoyed my first lobster roll of the summer at Harvest in Cambridge this afternoon. It was GOOD
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death ~Albert Einstein
hey u need to fucks wit WTB foreal fucks wit that room
cooked to order, can't beat it...personally, I go straight to Hard Rock, cuz I'm there for the fish tacos ; )
Sweet! Thanks! Just parked in the structure across the street. Be right over!
Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that too.
>- RT : Someone buy me some flowers :( I wanna feel special
Every time I send out Thank You cards I worry about being poisoned by toxic envelope glue. Thanks Kastanza!
Can i text someone who is not short answered? :P please? :P
What would you like to see from #Dance #Chicago in the near future? Please, reply!
hey what up anna :)
: and are so adorable when they dance together(: awwwwahhh
50cent wings start now...come get em! Starts 8pm...could win lots of Stubby's bucks!
oh no, that sucks, I hope you get the house all fixed, flooding is never good
had a long night that was funny af *i am such an ahole haha
Fun coincidence: Rohan family in 2 great new, unrelated historical romances: Anne Stuart's Shameless & Liz Carlyle's The Bride Wore Scarlet.
Just picked up my books at and so excited to share them with my community!
Lets se how many people text me
OK professional question up in here: Handwritten labels when sending out books--cute or sloppy? (does anyone in the media even follow me?)
I didn't know stating facts was hating.
Ball so hard.. mfs wanna find me lol
i adore you soo much. follow me!!! <3 NEVER SAY NEVER. im gonna keep trying til it happens. good morning ;) how are you?
Yeah... good call on GS today! Wish I would have taken a shot... PS. did you hit your 4000% mark last friday? Sick day
Empty apartment on a Friday night? I must have accidently gone into the wrong apartment....
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im heartbroken at the amount of EFFORT you guys are outting in to help Austin. Its disgraceful.
A Day in the Life: Gym Bag Contents- Part I | thefitcoach
Grrr... I need to stop forgetting my laptop bag with my iPad, passport, and tickets for all upcoming concerts at random places :-(
A Single Man (2009) is a delicious and disturbing story of a man who finds wisdom when buried grief unravels his repressed fastidious life.
Thank you for the #EcoMonday Mention : )
Lol dont worry about it, soon you'll get a whole weekend with me. ;D
Tickets are now available for our inaugural concert! Sept18th.
I hope rapid progress in wireless technologies renders this conversation quaint by the end of the decade.
You already have an african-american personality, sheneanea! I agree. Complete with mobile wardrobes for each.
Hey Rachel, what is 'me marketing'...so I know to never do it myself. Can you explain? =)
Ok I lied lmfao but why is it trending yall dunnnnooo shitttttt
So I'm usually very secretive about this information but I thought why not.. my sensitivity I'm playing on right now is 20, 30, 25
I follow back!
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be ()
Tomorrow starts the jump off to the new night Lost Leaf!!! "The Rewind" I'll post more info when I get to a comp!!!
okay I will not accuse you of not tweeting anymore ha!
Physically and mentally tired, exhausted and only God knows what else.
you like her dont u lol
agreed! I thought it was fantastic!
Aberdeen data: 57% of business execs don't understand the benefits of BI. 1/3 of co's @ #BAsummit2011 have a resource that bridges IT & Biz
Because eff you that's why.
It's confusing when Mayhem from the Allstate commercials is lying on Lemon's couch with a concussion.
fixed thanks
Full installer by parts is now up to date(Nov. 2011)!
f*ck it i'm bouta go get some chipotle
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week
Doomsday Preppers. You get an extra, what, 90 days? Big f-ing deal. You're still dead.
customer:"is this office depot?" me: "no, it's austin's pizza" customer: "good, i wanted pepperoni rolls"
Got this algebra II final in a couple mins...
Hurricane Irene has passed through my area. What did it do? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
I just want to go back to sleep.
Lots of volleyball this weekend w/ Friday & today. Missed at the office today.
Holy cold batman.
Don't forget to mark you calendars for May 11-13 for our Mother's Day Plant sale.Exclusive heirloom plants & seedling from the CP garden.
Third The Dark Knight Rises Trailer
hey hey hey!:)
When something good happens, I always take a sec to thank
Other tools: gliffy, google forms.
K. I'll start walking
so 250 is put of the question???? Hahahahaha
Sperry's are awesome don't be a hater!
A poor choice of words for a children's movie...
No internet,or TV. I think I might die....
I love you're my inspiration please follow me on twitter please please i love you
The bar lounge is so classy, it was worth shaving for.
I love you and i hope you feel better!! Im soo sorry about your loss!! :( #Staystong!! I here for you if you need me!<3
Toddlers and tiaras may be the most ridiculous yet entertaining shows. I wish I could meet these girls when they are in high school.
excited to be back in BTR...a lot has changed since my college days
It's a big week! Today is the first of this year's ExxonMobil Science Days & tomorrow the new seats for the planetarium will be delivered.
straight hair is so boring.
My Mom says I am the only hell she ever raised! Now Im Grown&Looking back... Damn It! She was right AGAIN!
swag swag
Mom: don't forget to bring me back something from Spain! Me: A son-in-law? Mom: *hangs up*
Crazy is more like it! ;)
what song is that
Who's up for a graduation gift? Just shout 'put it on myTab' and see the graduation travel cash roll in. Bigging it up for students!!
The end of the Call Me Maybe video is hilarious.
It's weird when someone you once knew so well is now practically a stranger.
Happy Friday gamers !!!
thnks for the retweet. i was shocked, i screamed lol. thnk u this is the first time u have noticed me :)
I think more people should call you. I was mowing the lawn. thought you were gonna be later than usual... sorry
": yes. i mean im married to zac efron but i've never heard of zack efron"Oh I get what you mean
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
Dear conference wanting my (late) paper, I work in IT, I'm really not that into formatting Word documents.
Some things are better left alone.
Just spent a great day getting to know some of the Timberwolves people. Refreshing to see such passion in place.
We got the 7 we needed. Three and out please and thanks
I hate liars
I think this is a fabulous idea 
my brothers college graduation
you sure you haven't been taken over by the man? :-P
Woke up early and only slightly hungover
. fans call NOW for ! Dish on #props & #GleeNationals by calling 714-364-4554 to chat with us & tweet us comments!
Nothing like a bed after a LONG flight!
Do u have paypal??
whtis this for !?
Check out SOM announcements page for the complete listing of Professional Enrichment Seminars!
love y'all
Ha! RT : "Women should declare themselves corporations so Republicans will stop trying to regulate us."
Of course a Joss Whedon-scripted Scarlett Johansson would rocket back to the top of the list. Because of course she would.
Thanks! You too :)
Somebody threw some FUCKING BARBECUE SAUCE at lunch and it got on my shirt. I'm ready to beat some ass. 
Just got my tickets for in NYC Feb 11 on ! Can't wait!! Miss these guys!!
Headed to Osgood, IN for the REMC concert this Saturday. Should be a fun time!
granny tryin to get u some! U better listen or when u go over there tomorrow she gone ask u again lol
Oh how I love bitching.
Ugh this game is frustrating.... Just can't get it going
From an email received this morning: "You are the most awesome librarian I have ever worked with! Thanks a bunch! Have a wonderful day!!!"
btw... I called for my status and it said I'm on backorder... Getting a little nervous here.
Criminal Minds, then the gym.
I don't think I know anyone who travels as much as you
Thus the "Kinda."
#2012c19 flight diversion from SFO to SJC has become an oddly relaxing bus ride up the peninsula on the 101. O California, you siren.
besides babies - pretty much don't care at all! Just let me do my thing and be myself. Occassional couch action!
CHECK OUT AND HIS NFL CELEBRITY GUEST THIS SATURDAY NIGHT AT PALM GARDENS...
Might have been a tyme when i loved her
Bart shows his softer side in tonight's episode when he befriends a pigeon. Watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
And a president?! RT : "For every Atlanta teacher thrown in jail for cheating so to[o] should [be] one Secretary of Education"
I liked Aldi. None around here though.
Hey, when you're here tomorrow, check-in on Facebook...we'd love a count! Thanks, and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Finally got the house to myself. Need to get some bitches over here pronto!
You guys help me trend #letAustinwalk He isnt allowed to walk at graduation bc he was taking care of his mother who has breast cancer :(
UPDATE 2-GM passes on running TV ads during 2013 Super Bowl
Im always the only one up
Coming up soon! NS Live with Richard Reed Parry (of ), , on Wed. 2/8, 7:30PM at
How are Yahll ?:)
totes possible!
#Sam gets some applause.
my first tweet! should i be excited?
God is not limited or obligated to fulfill His promise on my timetable...Truth.
who knows but pa seems unlikely to sell in any case.
Those are considered "nice" things?
"Girls go to college to get more knowledge, boys go to Jupiter to get more stupider."
What a beautiful launch!!! GODSPEED SPACE SHUTTLE ENDEAVOUR ON YOUR FINAL VOYAGE!!!!
teaching my sister how to play untouchable on guitar. it feels so good to be better than her at something, especially what i love most.
Enjoying 's #SMCBooks webinar featuring #OptimizeBook. Definitely worth being a Pro Member.
merry christmas logan i hope you read this and answer or RT me pleasee !! :(
Boycott Happiness is Pets pet store. They sell puppies from puppy mills that have distemper.
National Homebrew Day on Cinco de Mayo? Something's up folks.
Well damn don't answer me I really didn't wanna know but thought i'd asked hmm...
"God didn't put us on earth to be ordinary." Coach Lou Holtz
pick it up Saturday morning
On the board with 2! Come on #Brewers, rally time! (really? 2nd inning is rally time)
- insert Obama's name where Cains is and see how that sounds
Can't we just have a Ravens/Patriots rematch for the Super Bowl?!!!! I hate both of these teams with a passion.
Game is Friday! You have a full 27 hours to catch up on sleep ;)
#Dedication RT Legit spent 7 hours studying for the math final with
RT : All of 's tweets are getting me to excited for this summer's olympics
Do you have a favorite song from the Up All Night album?
Apparently if you smoke a Newport 100 with a peppermint in your mouth it tastes like a Marlboro Smooth
I've been feelin' real good, came a long way from misunderstood
#10ThingsIFindAttractive boys with tattoos.
I love fish sticks
Just got a tour of the Boston Globe! Thank you !
ok, let me know if you run into any issue later on
you have swag all you need is a snapback <3
My mom is guna kill me for giving her good umbrella to my brother but he walked me to the car after church and didn't have one
Whitney Houston is haunting the red carpet in a see through dress by Versace.
my whole office just pegged their jeans. ah love the 80s
Is it me or should we be worried with the D?
Mom: KATY! GO GET ME MY YELLOW DRESS! Me: -goes get dress- Mom: WHY DID YOU GET ME THE YELLOW DRESS IT MAKES ME LOOK FAT!
Haha, he seemed kind of relieved in the extended preview lol. He was smiling haha. But when it was happening he was like .__.
Very Nice!
Great blog. You guys are rock stars. Keep it coming.
Tweetie is good
#FEDUP preventing debt ceiling rise risks BIG ECON TRAINWRECK - esp. if NO SPENDING cuts occur. Tell CONGRESS 2 CUT spending FIRST!
Note to #NFL. Please relegate people spoiling picks next year. It's killing the fun...
Genealogy Boot Camp. Oct 6 2012, Lapeer Michigan. Genealogy from A-Z.
Chillin with baby sippin on dis miscato bout to cook this steak and shrimp! #EATGREADY!
changing my old ways in new ways 1 day at a time.
Happy Friday!
Bring on the Devils!!!!!!
who been following me
come see me I miss you wahhhh 
looking for a designer for the next shirt. hit me up!
i didn't help pick that one; second time was "Re-Elect Mayor Sanders." that didn't take long to come up with
do u do mtf transformation
lol! *poof* I'm gone *poof* I'm back :D!! *hugs* hope all is well with you!
somebody's about to get unfollowed, i just went over 420 follows...
hm u dont remember me
Nice summer weekend! In May. Portland highs Sat 84 & Sun 87.
Heading to Brooklyn Teen Monologue competition! Make me tear up kids!
Tiger was swinging the way HE wanted to. Im sure of it. I dont think he needs a coach.
I heard my name called..lol
RT - Dominique Dy what a great job singing the National Anthem at the NFL game for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Hell-o from Csh Mob Tucson
Manufacturer of custom built, painted and stained furnishings. Solid wood. Cottage. Worn and distressed.
RapTV has a 26 year history of doing good business on the global market and our basic membership fee is still just $1.00 per year.
whyy u don't believe me :(( #soul mate
--- I  being a man of God .. Not easy buh feels good and life iz much smoother..
Is that it guys?? That sounds like one of the dullest MLS policy mtgs in yrs!
If anyone magically ended up with an extra Flaming Lips LP from Record Store Day, I'll gladly take it off your hands.
DETROPIA wins beat editing prize at Sundance!
I didn't finish watching the game so I will assume they won. Good for you. :P RT : ...um...? hm :)
Beer and pizza for peeps. See you in a minute!
I do kindle reviews on the pc all the time...odd
Try as you will, you cannot annihilate that eternal relic of the human heart, love. ~ Victor Hugo
tried my very first (non-mixed/fruity) martini last weekend and I believe I'm hooked.
Hey Saffron. It's my birthday. Can you say "Hi" to me?
forever is a long a time , but i wouldnt mind spending by your side :))))) -- BOOang
Teamwork, transparency, and trust - critical elements in any business (Judith M. von Seldeneck, CEO of Diversifed Search).
this x 1000. Guy has all the tools, needs to put it together. Been going backward lately
im scared of kittens. LOL JK.
No Zee, wasn't sure what I would be walking into today. Never been in this court house (thank goodness).
Glad to be around, Rory. :)
Thanks for the follow: ,
Monkey love for Sharon! RT Great start to the day w Sharons organic vinyasa w
Happy st Patty's day! On this day 4 years ago I moved to Nashville,TN
To be honest.. I miss waking up to your sweet texts in the morning.
Tweet me maybe?? or maybe not... ok I get it
match that
BUD ICE is my best friend lol, dirty 30 2morrow
I give yall the sweet sixteen st Johns will beat y'all
Ugh I can't stop screaming. Its gonna be a loud weekend.
Good Morning, sunshine. A new day to spring forward.
lesbians acting like men in bed is funny.
Gonna be a good weekend in the ville
But you're right. And studios will ultimately spend more on security and DRM technology than on reformatting.
Music Suggestions? What kind of music define your day today? (Bonus awesome points if I add it to my playlist.)
hahaha kind of. You replied to me and Beto meet my sister! Hahahaha.
Yeah, I'm reading Kirby's 4th World and I'm simply blown away by the constant barrage of new ideas.
awesome. Well stay connect! In fact follow me back. It might change ur life! :)
matt drills was easy as heck today.
Dear , I did not get your email. Boo.
Bow to the Brow, what a game.
I'll be there in a jiffy. Don't be picky. Just be happy with this quickie.
...stay here and get the stuff kicked out of us or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb out of hell. One inch, at a time.
No kidding, welcome to my #life! RT I wonder... how many hours of my life has been spent #rendering?
Warren Moon is an ass - "scripted and disingenuous in interviews." <--- description of Jimmy Clausen last year.
That's hilarious.
Thanks for the info. I was so excited to read nasty postings about me. I fell for it.
how are you feeling my friend ??
#show so if u send random tweets 2 quote celebrities when the event has sufficient clients is it considered A-List
Just told my mom we sat at table next to Mitt Romney's family/political friends this Sat. at Bye, Bye Liver comedy show. Didn't believe me.
Tracy Chapman.
Are you fucking serious!??? You saw me getting ready for school and ur just gonna leave with out me!
It does!
you should be watching #pinkfloydweek on No foolin'
The Best Shrimp in town
came to Atlanta to win.
2 new paintings finished! One of them (24" x 72") has taken me forever to finish. If all goes well I'll photograph them both tomorrow!
": -watching Bruce Almighty crackin up."...( lol thats my movie right there)
Happy pop punk Halloween!!
There has gotta be a better way
oh no problem
I never thought I'd be hime, drinking a soda and doing school work on a Friday at 11 p.m.
If there is such a thing as being way too humble, I am so obviously the absolute best at that. OBVIOUSLY.
There's probably irony in my using Steve Keene's rock&roll paintings to muffle 's (great) drumming through our floor vents.
Didn't know what your schedule consisted of this week. Come on up if your fully awake. Got plenty of hard work for you too!
Sierra Club calls on Rockefeller to stop coal ash amendment - State Journal
You Make Me Feel Like I'm Livin' A Teenage Dream The Way You Turn Me On!. <3 My Favorite Song!. :D
No, Nick - thank YOU!! Glad you enjoyed it! Keep in touch!
Trying to find out what I base my happiness among. Why do I wake up every morning?
Today's the day! Off to run the Spartan Race!
How can you NOT watch the original Jurassic Park when it's on?
Where would I be if I didn't have God in my life? Smh I would def be completely lost in this corrupted world follow me
" DO SOMETHING NICE FOR SOMEONE TODAY:)
God must love stupid people. He made SO many. Lol
This Wednesday starts my Jr. Production Designer position with the Indiana Historical Society! Yes!
Our Support Center is currently functioning, if you have further concerns, contacting support via email is the best method atm ^CS
10 percent? Would have to involve a trade, since Smith is under contract for $13.2 million next season.
Some days, and out of nowhere, you just have the Match Game theme music in your head.
Interesting ...that's for sure. :) RT : How are you finding social trend analysis?
RISE & GRIND!: "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." ~ Maya Angelou
Not really
Im watchin Soulplane hah this movie never gets old !!!
RT : WWJD? Hopefully he'd say something like "Stop dragging me into your bullshit you stupid hateful pricks. I'm missing Dexter."
Now this movie just reminds me of an episode of Emergency
welcome the new born!
Hi Ali! We're finishing our Summer schedule, but it'll be on our site by early June. Access Basic will be held in July/August.
Follow me on Tumblr! I follow back!(: www.tplynn.tumblr.com
I have spent the last two hours playing angry birds and cut the rope instead of studying
Just saw Charles Manson on my train, great day for public transportation
#iUse for #Networking and connecting w/ long lost folks you #Super THIRSTY muthafuckas annoy me. (That Is All) ..
You a lame ass nigga if u hav2 BEG for Sex and get mad when you cant Get it.! You get zero hoes n u wack af.
Successful first alumni weekend! =)
Woke up in a good mood which is unusual for me on a Monday.
no names, but atleast 5 will do so.
today am not feeling grand :(
Thanks SO much to for the hospitality & the delish sliders last night & to for joining us & all the great work you do!
XM folks: if ur a roots music fan tune in now to now for AAR show - all female artists. Only 20 min left.
Are you?
it's still early bro Indiana got the momentum we good tho
Thank You Terri for your encouraging words!!!!
very true. But that makes me even more nervous :)
Why isn't Bobby a pall bearer tho>>>
TONIGHT 4pm: Lecture at the Nat. Learn about the Accidental Artist and the 130 life-sized sculptures in the open desert......
you said it. golly it's gorgeous.
"Giving is the highest level of living." John C. Maxwell
We still have a couple of "key dates" available for Corporate State Fair events! Book your State Fair event today and get a great deal!!
silly man.
is he POTUS or a prof fund raiser? Maybe he should put those funds to the debt he created for the US.
My Dog and Master is signaling me that my writing is not as important as his pooping. Unfortunately, he's right.
#MLB: Report: Werth will miss 12 weeks after surgery.
RT : Happy thirsty Thursday!
Kinda like my school days long ago, lately the same WMATA bus driver takes me to work and back home again, AM and PM. It's oddly comforting.
Irish Alzheimer's? You forget everything but yer grudges. Happy #StPatricksDay :*)
: A person's character is how they treat those who can do nothing for them. A-to-the-men Shauna.
Me: I really hate my personality Me: I really hate my body Me: I really hate my face Me: I really just hate myself
Thank God for good and strong homeboys! Black and Miles really just came thru and moved all my furniture for me! Love, Love, Love them!!! :)
ya I choked the first one down!
OH CANADA, i miss you. i will return
A beirutsi goes to a bar and sees a man having his way with a goat out back. He informs the bartender who says: "kidem, baa-baa's eh!"
Then deleting it, resending it, and finding another error. <<<<<<
I sent the pics :D
Bass tracks tonight, the CD is coming along nicely.
The RT was because your laugh made me laugh again!
We think we know the ones we love, but everyone can keep secrets
Accept lol RT Just get the god damn deal done & accept it ( Cant except that deal)
Won our match! Beyond #pumped love you boo!
Bitches be coming off on some hoe shit and they wonder why they cant find a real nigga...
Listening to Tom Jones on the radio is like having the ability to call myself. Looovin' it!
very excited about the #outsidelands lineup this year. from neil to bomba estereo, it's going to be fun three days in the park.
Okay now your Putting tape in my hair?
#RT Drivn Apparel's "Damn Near Free Contest", begins again 1/25/2010. Answer ?'s & Win $$$.
my bad i forgot to lock up my emotions...
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
We're looking for more of a situational type upgrade. If we can do that
What time do you head over / want to meet? Or should I work that out with Stuewe?
here we go... thursday night class
Stay busy baby xx
You could be watching the 678th GOP debate with the rest of us : tree of life...tree of boredom.
finally letting him go .. and it actually feels good.
I have the similar problem with you due to my dog. I think you'd better put the charger away from your pet.
last night's episode was great. Loved the soviet bar w/ bad service and communist speeches.
yay my princess tiana costume that my grandma made was a big hit at school and i loved it.
Thank you baby :-*
Absolutely! RT I have a belly button. RT plz
Chris: If you're okay w/walking 8 blocks, go to Il Bistro underneath the market. STIFF cocktails & great HH food
This game is getting a little out of control -- top of the 15th - Last Indians player on base is STILL Lou Marson in the 7th
love that book! Recommended it to colleagues when they were admiring your branching example
Not sure why it took me so long to realize how awesome ping pong would be on the moon.
i have a new phone and number
Gowdy, Duncan and Wilson; Duncan even said they might contact me about a possible visit
Disgusted at and live i have stopped auto remewal and they are still charging me i dont even have an xbox anymore!!!
Going for a new Iphone today!! Wish me luck ;)
Be nice & say thank you ... I love that!
signed up for the chicago marathon 2010
That sucks because we were supposed to be friends forever. :( oh well.
LOL I so would, but my mom would probably swoop out of no where and cut my throat out.
Hey Candace, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting some more.
Welcome!! I'll B there 4 2weeks in April!
who maxes out on 2 types of squats 5 days before conference......
Is that code for "cute Asian boy?"
the original Ryder Cup
IS ANYONE CAMPING OUT IN MANCHESTER FOR BELIEVE TICKETS WHEN THEY GO ON SALE?
Gr8 night hanging w/ Lindsay, Taylor, Kai & Ava...MUCH NEEDED!
I know
that must also mean you don't yet follow ?
sorry to hear that. Hope it all works out for the best eventually!
Heard on radio TODAY: If you don't stir yourself up you are going to sink to the bottom
In 1942,Wartime gasoline rationing went into effect in 17 Eastern states, limiting sales to three gallons a week for non-essential vehicles.
okay good. You're not feeling well, though?
Monday Night Raw
Thank you!!!
almost 200 followers!
I miss him...
Lets discuss at happy hour tomorrow
I thought you were the anti-Kortlun???
RT : "Dont go through life, grow through life."
If you want a google + invite please leave your email
Holy crap...Lemon juice, Apple cider and Olive Oil is just nasty to drink. I hate home remedies almost as I hate prescription drugs.
I'm with & on this one. All I'm hearing are complaints.
Your bio gave me a happy.
what made it great? (:
craigs hashtag: you ain't the boss of me!
How did they respond?
wonder if Stanley will know he's been Phished?
Finally a good commercial! Way to go VW!
did you ask if they baroque it?
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY $50! Call now for details & save on all your skin care needs.
Congratulations, Jo!!!
my dad is walking around my house singing "Boyfriend". Thats how you know its a good song :)
If all of you could take a second and ask your friends to follow & Thanks
Make something happen, it really pisses Chance off!
I agree completely! Also, I'm a junior right now. Do the intern positions need to have completed degree upon hire? Thanks! :-)
i miss my brother & sisters
thank you lenny for the trianing site and the calls you are really rocking peoplestring!
My papa just killed a spider w/ his bare hands, EWW!
will feature your tweets in my preso. DM me, try to include link to your lib website, blog, or project. Looking 4 dynamos, great quotes.
Going to Washington DC to get Obama straightened out.
Watching someone do anything is far more interesting than watching anyone pretending to do something (~ Cry Havoc podcast)
Aren't conferences just with one kid, and mini-lessons with the whole class?
Search for hashtag #DigiMe to get panelists' tips ... What suggestions are you hearing for revamping your LinkedIn profile?
I can see my house from here!
U know who RT : who : oomf had me lmao at u,
that's unbelievable. Crazy how far mlg has come since the old halo2 days. 32nd floor office in nyc? Insane. Never woulda thought.
OK, that's the second uniform disaster I've seen this week. And I LOVE throwbacks.
By now I've gotten like 3 letters from interested colleges..and they're all in New York. Okay I don't know who gave them the memo..but YES.
Whoever does the next #libday. Just use that tweet...
Moving #gameofthrones season 1 to the top of my netflix queue so I can finally talk to about it!
Fixed the credit on the "About" page. My apologies for missing that. Thanks for letting me use the image!
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count? A: You have to chew before you swallow!
no disrepect... U are so pretty to me!!
yea where the Hell was that all season?
Ha. The librarians actually made some of my cakes. We took over the "teen area." ate, talked about The End, diabetes, etc.
Just woke up listening to Lana Del Rey that shit was the scariest thing ever I thought I was dying.
then there are 5 level of progressions after head injury the student athlete must go through prior to going back on field.
I would get sick the day I get t dissect a heart in biology
Yay you gotta a girl friend!!!!! -hug- wait.........no hug! girlfreind right! bwaha.......eh you make my ass hurt. nite
what are we doing in Judaics?
won my volleyball game and my soccer game!! yay!!
My stuff is in storage, so I can go anywhere, but I can't work from home.
We're coming down to the wire, who will win - Bill or Teya?
Not gonna lie, this karaoke night is fun as HELL. The people who come in really make the night! Still time to join us sing 4 shots
I wish dad had just let me go to mom's.
cooking up some mac and cheese
good. I need some tonight smh
bring like 13 just in case. But 10 should be fine. Who were you planning on taking??
TIX HAS BEEN SOLD! Thanx for the inquiries! #ILLSTATEOFMIND. LET'S GET TURNT!
bhahahahaha so many lolz WHAT A HOOKER!!!!
haahahaha I know I am! You're jealouss
Last night I made 's Top 5 list of girls that are good at drinking. Not sure if I should be proud or on my way to an AA meeting...
Nice binary between techno-optimism and deep fear at #TED - loving the conversation.
haha id rather you go to sleep
No WM yet. Probably gonna get the replay sometime this week. Raw was sick. Can't wait to see where they go with Lesnar
No Gym Flow tweets today I see..
Ron Roenicke received a contract extension?! WHY
The King's Speech wins #BestDirecting (Tom Hooper)
will there be a Patty Mills sighting tonight in Utah?
At a cinco de mayo cookout...piata is full of beef jerkey, mini bottles of hard liquor and a few things of candy...hysterical :)
I just spent too many minutes browsing GIF blogs. Visions of tiny Olson twins now dance through my head as I prepare for socializing.
The Morning Benders- Bedroom Covers is really doing it for me at the moment.
Glad the dinner was a great success! Wish we could have been there. Next time!
Instant Emmy to the 1st netwrk to produce a talent competition judged by the Dowager Countess, Lucille Bluth + Colleen Donaghy
KETTLE 1'S AND SPRITE S/O TO DRE PABON
Also, it looks like the show is really diverging from the book. Not sure how much I like this.
Jazz Legend Sam Rivers, RIP
Great effort by my 13U kids today in defeat.... Defense is beginning to come around
it wasn't too bad. it was a very odd show though. hah.
that one was the best one! i never even saw the third one lol
Just listened to the Gregg Williams audio. Disturbing. Major douche. "[Crabtree] becomes human when we f*ckin' take out that outside ACL"
: #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [ ] #HURRY!! :)) done.
uh Maggie was a little more obnoxious but she wasnt like annoying I liked them both
Got the update re PHX. Sad. Why not meet at a park? We have a few parks here that have plenty of parking and hangout space.
It's a wrap! Favorite memories from #NSF2012?
The Aggie game made me think the Texas Longhorns should look into getting one of those, what are they called again, running backs?
Falling for new cut, Falling for you....check out on youtube....gorgeous voice!!
i think i would be perfectlu happyh right now if i could just have soem food :p
Finally finished my homework and am turning it in. Goodnight.....actually good morning.
Off to Emmendingen in Germany in one month to visit the Leistungsschau. Can't wait.
Wis. Democratic legislative leaders assail Gov. Walker's $123 millioin in new cuts announced Dec. 23 as a "lump of coal"
So funny how circumstances in life changes you in an instance..
lol.... That's probably why I never heard of that gear; I can't even afford the D700 right.., haha!
How can you, or anyone else, believe Murray St is not already in the Big Dance? They're a very good basketball team.
RE: Democracy & our ability to vote, I agree. Unfortunately it comes w/ a package our officials will mismanage & abuse.
I'm lucky I put a bra and shoes on to be honest. Haha
you look amazing!!! Love that you went with the red one!!!!!!
With the 6th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Jose Bautista. Surprise pick Cano at
who texted me from a 360 number this morning?
I would like to just be whelmed in regard to workload, my to-do list & social commitments. Currently running on empty & not seeing a break.
If you don't know what your government is doing, you don't live in a democracy. ~ Jane Anne Morris
: ight i got chu as soon as I make it up dhere Kaeee : )
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Chess Pies (Southern style) on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Roger Mason back in the house at shootaround. Hopefully he doesn't feel too at home tonight.
At Monterey Bay Aquarium and it's not raining!
this week is just not my week, i want it to be over .
I stole a key and took a car downtown where the lost boys meet, took a car downtown and I took what they offered me - to set me free.
To this dude in front of me we get it ur gay but y do you have to try so hard
You've read Thomas Tweed? I need to revisit him. Had very mixed feelings about Crossing and Dwelling.
please share if it works out.
Lol, which is y I have never been. Not makin big bucks coachin hs b-ball here n Graceville, Fl There are no hs coaches doin it4the$
#NW once upon a time :O the season finale is getting soo good!!!!
Can't wait till 150 I'm smokin a plane
you know he's coming through
up too early guess i just smoke dis purp
I guess being nice to people is about over for me. Is that wrong?
awh i missed you to
RT : you are so awesome!!!//Awe, thank U :) Come see me soon!
Denmon? My brother from another mother? Race to fame begins at birth.
Well it 3am I'm going to bed. Gnight twitter
agreed. Got home from work trip and saw 3-3 score at half. Fighting tebows pretty darn boring.
Any time man! Really appreciated all the emails & the tips/encouragement
I hate commercials that use Christmas jingles.
Yo! If you're at South By Southwest in Austin come down to Opals Divine Freehouse 700 W 6th Drive! Sick bands all day we play at 1pm.
"Trying to forget someone 'you' love, is like trying to forget someone you never knew." <3
Some people #dream of #success... while others wake up and #work hard at it.
I still love you! And you've beat me tons of times!
RT : You're designed and equipped to achieve great things. Do it now.
IF I COULD LIVE MY LIFE OVER AGAIN=I WOULD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my kind of guy, Lol!
Daily GTKY question: What is your favorite 70s song?
We look forward to seeing you support SCAN at the public budget hearing this evening! The address is 6000 16th Ave SW Seattle, WA 98106.
Is partying down at Bedrock LA, my best friends bad ass new recording studio in Echo Park. www.bedrockla.com
On that note, have a good night and sweet erotic dreams. :-)
Oh. And I had the most beautiful donut today. Amish people know how to do food :D
This game illustrates the difference between a great coach and a coach of great players.
People, where is the love here?... *sigh*
We want to send our best wishes to the after today's events
Getting ready to go home and take care of business. Got to get ready for my 3 day weekend.
We watched "x-cops" last night, that was interesting. :)
you can buy damn near anything on amazon!
senior ditch day is all this week for me c:< lmao jk
When your change up is 90, you throw gas!
"Make the social sharing icons bigger" is the new "make the logo bigger."
thanks! I like QR Codes and mapping-connecting the two works well. Need to do more with them than just link to a plain site.
so excited I have a roommate 
Shout out to ! She's almost at 15.8k followers!
Was #thatonepersoninschool who sucked at math. I still don't understand how a letter can equal a number to this day
: "For strip-mined mountain's majesty above the asphalt plain." ~George Carlin #Quotes #Humor / I miss George's wit.
Morgan u silly
Hahaha barbie Klaus!;)
Get a ova it bruh damn its a joke -___-
that is freaking awesome. are you down to pay them a visit sometime next week?
There has to be a glitch in my fantasy app, it's saying Pujols hit a home run.
Oakland back to full strength
#Bearcats let's get it
Derek is so great. I know it's too early but I think I might be falling in love with him
I AM FINALLY WORKING ON MY 2ND ALBUM, IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT!
Bases loaded for #Rockies Todd Father. #Mets lefty Byrdak into face him.
I actually think Kroy is kinda cute
Its National Taco Day? I really need to be on Twitter more often.
I love that song and when you stop to think...the words should make as all time to pause and be grateful.
I'm at 202 followers, thanks guys! Now it's time to aim for 300! :]
Hay guess what, your beautiful
thats two words...awkward
Just successfully moved into my newly redesigned office at work. All is organized and ready to go for the new year. ECSTATIC with it!
just have them copy down a few from homework and you can zip thru them!
Wow... Grandma and i have completely different political views... Exact opposite
People say there is no such thing as stupid questions. I beg to differ
First time in Tacoma and Seattle, beautiful scenic areas. Even out of football season, a lot of #Seahawks 12th man love around.
As long as the glasses are yours (i.e., not the interviewer's), I think you're freakishness-free.
there are only a few things on this earth that I enjoy more than an entire house of college kids chanting "U S A!".
Yum, be sure to get a doggy bag for Z!
u will shine! have a good one too thanks
We'll always have Netflix! (I know...it's not the same.)
I hope so too!
That's right - a Tparty Republican NEVER compromises his principles unless/until Pres Obama supports something he (used to) like.
Smart timeout.
Check reduced rates or specials with airlines for 10+ traveling together. Book early and ask hotels re discounts. Use airport shuttles.
how sweet! Thank you!
for sure I'm doin workouts wit my guys Chris and Deon at la fitness next week prolly morning workouts
Wait, Whitney Houston died?!!! Where was the coverage???!!'
An edcafe is a student centered/ student led version of edcamp for the classroom.
yey i finnaly got my twitter
Leyland was probably looking at Porcello's pitch count which was 103 pitches. Still a good outing for Porcello.
I just noticed that five letter URL in your description and signed up this afternoon - I'm looking forward to the invite
No problem Weez! --> : man that was dope!!! Much appreciated
Mercedes, NICE! Bringing in the wild, out-of-the-box stuff to help Vera...
so checked with the TO, still no details are being given. You will be fine as long as you dont use SC's. They want it a surprise.
what time are y'all open till during the week?
"i believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. between five, it's fantastic." cum 4 group sex with your fav blond!
I can already tell tomorrow isn't going to be a good day...!
Not sure how I didn't get your awesome drawing
Zamnnnn she came at the whole org. though.
yeah I live right next to it
Who Should the Indianapolis Colts Take in the Second Round of the 2012 NFL Draft?: Fan Opinion
cool!! I'll be leading worship!
It's funny how people say "I like people who text back instantly", yet they're not one of them. And later complain about it more. Please
Setting aside basic internet access issues, will DPLA/Zeega work with older computers (that maybe can't handle heavy multimedia)?
Off to late-night grocery store visit...must have #BACON for Saturday morning!
To the cute couples that post pictures of themselves making out on twitter and facebook.. #EWWW #PLEASESTOP #BARF #D';
Birds of prey do not flock together. ~ Portuguese Proverb
American Legacy thanks you and all veterans for their service to the country.
#sem2011 Martin Daughtry on weird work in the field and his recent work on sound and war in Iraq. Excellent and innovative.
Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's Near-Zero Waste Music Festival
so tonight, I'm hoping to get out to his house and spend some time with him. Maybe even spend the night? Oh I would be so happy!!
Home again after a great few days in the mountains. Now looking on the same 14000 ft peak where we stayed, but from my balcony 30 miles ...
Date gone wrong? Leave that bitch at
Countdown still going, 44 days till I will be in Jamaica going against some of the hottest models in the world!!
thanks so much for the #ff. Back at ya!
lol. now they have. nice job.
LMFAOOOOO one of my friends say that I pack "guns".... AND HE'S A GUY! XD I didn't know I hit THAT hard or I had muscles. I never noticed...
...and then the container store catalog made everything better!
Caesar's walks that fine line between tourist trap and genuine nostalgia for old TJ. And the salad *is* amazing.
Great ending to
Lack of communication amongst doctors is a huge problem.
#Breakingbad Breaking Bad Breaking Bad. Did I mention breaking bad?
Moderating the Librarian Passive Aggressive panel at #codcon12 tomorrow. You should come. Or don't. Makes no difference to me. Cya there!
Hey! I thought you didn't do that fast food never aging shit?
Thank you for the RT's!
didnt he do that the other night between home and 3rd?
love that name.
What will make you smile this weekend?
I'm going to spend my nights either sleepless because I'm too busy thinking of you
Home finally!!! Alyssa and I signed up for the talent show. I believe we are singing Halfway There by Big Time Rush!!! I can't wait!
Well, I was thinking of an organized event in March, but disorganized meetings beforehand are a great idea!
Wake and live!! Dance the day away
I don't even need to look at the link to know what picture you are referring to!
same. But I didn't want to go.
it'll be alright #BlackMamba didn't mean any harm by it! Lol
Downtown tonight! (:
- thanks! we try really hard to continually improve our awesomeness. glad it's working :)
What are you fucke ing doing ?
For 4Humanities advocacy project, important to get past "talking head" model and incorporate video, music posters, viral social media, etc
Tomorrow is Bulldog Spirit Friday! Wear your favorite ACC Club, Sports, or organization t-shirt with school bottoms and shoes
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
I've been trying for almost a year to get to follow me, i guess some people dont get their wish.
Weather was so weird O_o
": hey sis how you been doing" hey bro working hard
i'm jealous of everyone seeing the midnight showing of the avengers
GOD LEE
Ones destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.  Henry Miller
I love you Molly!!
Perfect : Having a place to go is a home, having someone to love is a family, and having both is a blessing."
.: Dont let your happiness depend on something you may lose. ~C.S. Lewis
My pleasure! :)
psssssst. Don't tell anybody...you going?
Back at ya Cindy Lee!
that's sarcasm
Totally true. Making clients look good IS my business!
Twitter pet peeve: unnecessary hashtags. Stop turning phrases into hashtags, PLEASE.
Ron Paul is straightforward. Small government to the point of crumbling infrastructure, but in the name of freedom.
Market is open tomorrow from 8 to 11:30. Lee Saberson, master pumpkin carver, will teach you how to create pumpkin art beginning at 9.
First night of the fed hill summer is going to be a hot one!
Thanks for shout out! Have a magical day!
Yeah, I think Auntie Rosemary must have sold her soul to the devil for that boy!
Three bucksts and now takes a charge! Somebody get a bucket of water for the Flat Top. Great start
hey guys, most people think that ordinary people cant sing! but i think everyone can sing but in there own unique way! RT if u agree x lol x
Pistol on my side u don't wanna hear that thing talk!
Great, look forward to talk to you in detail. Thanks a lot.
In WI, no such thing as too cheesy! RT Not to be cheesy, but we are the future.
Any Beliebers wanna tweet me? Talk about Jerry?
I like the idea of commenting on existing posts. And using that to sort/filter if wanted.
Wow that's an inspiring story. 3 workouts a day for 3months. Nfl contract? Shoot.
..thx for all the coverage and for listening to the music. Ross.... Mwahaha
Dead hookers, schweaty balls, weddings, red penis candle, monkey bread, silk ropes, clamps, car battery & flying geese laughter= GR8 Nite!
Things you could conclude from my job: 1. I like to fight. 2. I occasionally like standing in front of moving trains.
Patrick and Karls better pick me up this morning for school! I can't miss ISS.
Aww ... don't worry. He comes for all of us eventually. You could be next! <grin>
: Just ordered the 21 Day Detox from Love u Bob but thats a rip off!! Don't waste ur money p1s!!
she's my second choice... especially after those Fur Boots she created ! :-)
lot of good memories, but could watch the 12 Indiana clips from this last year over and over and over
Good Q! Robin Wright in the Princess Bride! ;-) I would LOVE to play any role that she's played!
just doin' some hw and listening to , 99% Invisible :). You?
Excited about 2012! New products & strategies for garage bands & independent artists. 20 years in the biz & still loving it!
To God be the glory in every aspect of my life. I refuse to take the credit for God's Favor.
I kinda did.
Money hungry hoes<<<<<
I'll make the same reservation as last time.
#thekidslikeme that only have beats solos cause our parents don't just buy shit for us
hey you I've been better but doing good! How are you sweetie?
Match your lipstick to create a modern monochromatic look, choose a lipstick or gloss in the same color family-whether pink or peach
Text me 
: Chitown is currently my town. You are fair weather!
I sit back think sometimes "wth is your plan in life" ..please dont be that person I'm thinkin about!
Hey, Tracy -- welcome to the chat!
If this is my last tweet ever, know I went out eating some delicious heart-clogging shit.
I regret nothing, except the Ninth Grade... and that chance to audition for a radio job in college... and that time in 1994 when...
my 1st famous client <<< can any 1 guess who he is in my profile pic
Kids are starving and homeless, yet, we still teach them about Jazz in our public schools. Together we can
Hahaha, well we all did it at one point or another...
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Sunday at the Altar Bar in Pittsburgh this sunday Oct 10th Show starts at 4pm!
Ha! DM me your info. I will email you next wk
The divide represents existent social fractures RT : Blair Levin says bandwidth caps will "create a new digital divide."
Grrr...don't wanna get out of bed -_-
I love #krogers open late and cheap prices :)
"make dat ass clap" - some black chick in my math class always says that to me
Tonight Cream Lounge in Scottsdale its gonna be Epic No Cover,Industry Priced Drinks&I got u with a Free Bottle b4 11pm hit me up 4803520903
did you quit? Or just reduce frequency?
Melissa Gilbert will dance off the stage (or the Prarie) tonight
I have literally done nothing tonight and it feels wonderful!
you guys were amazing(: forever
If that was anyone else, that would have been a flagrant 2.
Where have you Been !??
D4 bbc sessions? Bootleg vinyl? Found it in chi-town...
What is Platypus day?
so ridiculous i cant watch the brewers game. blacked out on mlbtv bc its nationally televised yet it isnt on tv.
<---- follow this right here ^>^ you'll learn a thing or two while your on twitter
Some bro at the laundromat answered his phone by shouting "whazaaaaaaaaa?!" I quickly became inundated with nostalgia.
Not knowing if someone is a boy or a girl is an akward feeling
Hubby was the TV for the game - counting on my tweeple to live-tweet the #GoldenGlobes red carpet!
#grammarissexy #thanks RT : Yes, I just consulted the while writing an email to my friends.
hey u
#JM2010Az If you are a CABL member, be sure and pick up and display a purple CABL ribbon!
HGTV is my life 
I cant stop listening to 11:11 its so awesome(: Great job<3 Hey can u wish me luck on my french exam tomorrow? (: XOXO
Excited to start on a new project tonight!! We'll be revealing it soon!!
last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season. What have you always wanted to see on the show?
And now he's in FL.. bueeeno.
Well there was at least a little excitement in this snooze fest.
I know, right? Nothing's sacred, I guess.
Got the christmas tree up. Now where's the snow? This is Wisconsin, right?
If I fcks with you and you live in the D and you dont have my number , You need too get it RT
When U believe a thing, believe it all the way, implicitly & unquestionably. ~ Walt Disney
"I am NOT going to hold my butt open!"
no problem 
dude hurry up!! Starbucks at olney
Stop talking shit! STOP talking shit! STOP TALKING SHIT HOE! NO ONE GIVES A FLYING FUCK!!!!
Admittedly, Santa Claus @ the Mall is pretty scary...but the Easter Bunny is just evil. No kid wants 2 sit next to a 6ft tall upright bunny!
: Keeping just got harder. May have no choice soon. how did it get harder
RT : Morning rush hour still going smoothly- no news is good news
#IGotNoRespectForYou , Kobe Bryant. I Saw You TAKE The Ball From One Of Your Own Teammates . Tf, Share, Your Good But Its Ur Team Lol
I'm the broker selling 'WingSauce.com' Interested in acquiring this great domain name? It is priced very low!
Nice! I'm Wilshire+Sepulveda, right next to 405. Every week is different but if next week is cool lets circle back on monday
: Come for the real Matt Branham, stay for the naked Bill Murray background.
START FUCKIN WIT ME MO ON DIS TWITTER SO WE CAN PROCEED WIT DIS TAKE OVA!
": It's Going Down Tonight... Friday May 11 Mixtape Release Party 618 Live On Waters 618 North Water St Milwaukee WI"
The Collection blog will have lots of new posts this week, so please come check us out!
And we were tired of being mild.
Lebron don't live that life!!
Woof woof woof
That should've been a tech that man slung him to the ground intentionally.
This sounds like a good plan RT: Would it be weird if we just all moved in together so we didn't have to live apart?
great! We will be sure to add our events!
Sherlock = radio silence.
Great to hear Howard is joining WVXU!
A3: Excellent networking; flexible service provision; cloud infrastructure (security, storage) primed for superfast delivery
Good things are happening!
This week, re! 3.5 years in development later. Haha
My thought exactly. What are the sources of funding? RT: Someone near the microphones needs to ask about budgets for these!
Women, Vaginas and Blood: Breaking menstrual taboos with artist Sarah Maple - The Independent (blog)
"Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day" Little things can make the world a better place
See them always as open and thus the doors shall be. Johni Redd
What a movie! Watched Tatoo 2 times in a row!!
I love Bobby Hamrick. He made me tweet this.
: I think the greatest line Bush had in 2000 was "if Al Gore invented the internet, why does it start with w w w? #Dubya
i hope you have a good blessed day
Skyward I meant
Q6: Remove cars/trucks ability to pass you at any speed and any distance.
3 weeks after dropping out, Pawlenty asked for a gig at FOX. "Not sure I want to sign you as a paid spokesman for Romney, " said Ailes.
Pretty sad I aint gone be able to suprise my mama for Mother's Day tomorrow.... Aint got a way to KC :(
that all looks so yummy!
Congrats to the Kentucky Wildcats! I guess we'll never stop hearing it from Kristal Shannon :)
LETANG JUST DID THE MAX TALBOT "FINGER TO LIPS" MOVE!?!?!?!
Warm welcome new followers!
what the bizness
you're trippin Orange Pedialyte is the truth. Grape is close.
thought about #somf sucking up helium at prom & yelling lol . got a good laugh
The Notebook. I'm going to tie you to a chair and make you watch it
Every lesson forms a new scar
thanks you so much! That means so much to me!!!!
Eating Hershey's kisses :* 
Glad the sun is shining. Still too cold for my taste!
bring dem gold teeth and that swag to detroit.
Told my mom my grade in history & she was all proud, then I told her my grade in Altakali, & she got all mad lol
man, the Swedes sure are some sex-obsessed people, what with all the screwing & pounding.
Friend is a strong word
She'll respond to u eventually! Don't give up! She does tweet attacks a lot! Who knows? u could be tweeted nxt:]
Great thing about a puppy? Don't need an alarm clock.
I'm totally ordering a tapeworm.....or making out with my cat later tonight.
The perks of being a member of AAM are many. Thanks, , for rocking so hard.
Did you have a chance to chat with our sales team?
Last week of the current class and I am proud of myself. I am thankful for the talent that only God can give.
on draft.. Part of limited brewer series.. Will do growlers
hm wish i was eating french onion soup at Musso and Franks,
Guy in truck cuts me off in the crosswalk and flips me off as he goes by. Easily could have stopped. On a residential side street no less.
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
Reports from #Bahrain: Army patrolling #Manama on the eve of the pro democracy revolution.
the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
The one I love turns out to be someone I hate
coffee to go box, but party box is a way better choice. holy moly all 96oz, way to go ! Serious drinkage!
torn between batgirl and catwoman for chic on chic battle with Batwoman...i need a winner to battle =)
lol I already put it on twitter.....
More is less! Buy one get one free Big Mac Sandwiches, Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches and Egg McMuffins!
National Teacher Appreciation Day is coming up! Spoiler alert: we will be announcing a significant teacher/student contest!
Sometimes recordings document live improv performance. Sometimes perf is cut, rearranged - composed for the medium.
#organic #clothing #freshmotif #tees #fashion OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Reduces Toxic Chemicals (conventional cotton is full of toxins)
Jeb Bush will be the next POTUS. I fully believe it.
I need that!! #shouldabeenme 
The Internet has become the town square of society. Instead of people on soapboxes you have bloggers.  Great connections by Busby
Grrr walked all the way up the hill to the health sciences library just to find out the book I need isn't actually there
LMAO. You mean lucky. Go Bears!
To those who wake up while the room is still spinning/ But still tweet about it and hashtag it
364 emails in my inbox- going for zero! #gtd Tonight is 1st nite of Citizen's Academy, live tweeting it from look for
Checking out some Light Asylum thanks to a post I saw on LinkedIn from Eric is linking me in to new music
Fake friends stab u in da bak.... True friends stab u in da front
I literally had no idea what I was doing..
Words don't mean a thing, actions are everything. 
sure, ping me!
Good morning everyone. Take 2 asprin and you guys will feel better. At Bertuccis again yeah!!! I feel like I work at a high school. I ...
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever
I'm kind of excited to have a last sit down with everyone! Aleays expect the unexpected! #JOJ Reunion
And, not to shill for the boss or nothing, but you could say the same of The Bridge, which came out several years ago now.
Worst damn week EVER
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
Ryan Hollins gets T'd up and then misses an easy layup..Interesting start to his Celtics career..
All that and I could still be in bed by 11:30.
thanks for following
um where's my invite?
MT : I've received no shit from peers about my work on Dinosaur Train, though I've no idea what's said when I'm not there!
my mommy needs to hurry up & get home with my ice cream & dinner . but, she doesn't get off until seven tonight. damnnit .
One man with courage makes a majority....
Check out my new sign out front of the Belvedere! Holla!
that sangria looks soo yummy right now!
RT : RT :A2.Without direction your hunt is like octopus on roller skates, movement with no clear direction
Follow our blog and join the discussion on transnational spaces of e-learning
I'm not even gonna sit here and go back and forth with this dumbass on facebook .. tumblr i missed you ;3
I love the idea of a "code camp" or "developer's weekend" as a possibility that kept coming up.
Defense of Marriage Act may be repealed, debt debate threatens US credit rating. Serious events are going on. Are u prepared, just in case?
Hw...I'm not to fond of you!
Hey #verizon why dont you ever offer deals to loyal customers of 10 years? Only brand new customers can get the best deals. thats crap
amazing. Why do World Cup referees always make themselves the center of the story? Discretion. They should try it sometime.
Fuuuuuuckkk. I missed The Price is Right.
Lost ya in the crowd, but it was sure nice to see you after so long! Your new adventure looks awesome! Hope to see you soon!
If we do not respond to their request for help, and they fail, does that also make it our failure?
nope! i think it was 's!
Good luck on your tryouts!
Q: Why did God create man before woman? A: He didn't want any advice.
I wish people realized that when they excuse a cliche by saying "...to use a cliche," they are just using another cliche.
Thanks for the RT :D
You've been unlocking an awful lot of badges lately. Come home already?
hi! you should totally shout us out! thanks.
Hey muchacha! Happy Holidays! Sad to hear Jason is not dressed up in a Santa suit today! What's up w/ that?! :)
u left too early. Hilarity of Craziness @ Freedom. Poor
I am so freaking tired of all this twitter drama. WHY CANT ALL FAN BASES, NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE, GET ALONG?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field. - Niels Bohr (1885-1962)
Paul George deserves two FT's for that YUUUUUGE block
Happy Birthday from mi to you love you and bless you
I have future business plans for Atlanta.
What are your favorite Halloween themed recipes?
I think is bored with beating me at Scramble With Friends.
Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind:) -words of my day haha
Decamping to Queens With rents rising and vacancy falling, nonprofits and arts groups are calling up movers and heading off from Midtown
mm..ok...No, I would have to ask permission from my father to put on the pc(the PC belongs to my father)
To improve performance, regularly close open apps on your iPhone. Also, smell roses.
fuck everybody...im in my own zone nigga
Thx for the mention! RT 's maps are totally cool. And not just because of the tie in.
Nice. Great post and great comments.
So tired of Obama's crap. Can't wait to vote him out!
boy you a celebrity, where your followers at?? Lol lol
This has been a HUGE week for ! 10 Sponsors, 3 Bands & Tickets went on Sale. Couldn't have done it without your help! Thanks!
what time??
does he sleep with the tv on or something?
hello! hope all is well! have a great 2012!
There's a putt putt for sale on Southport road east of Madison and there's a need for a good Bar in the area!!
#prsun #bxbiz - Attended a meetup @ Sunshine Suites 2night - Topic: entrepreneurial collaborations in #Bronx to make things happen. Yes!
Do any art & design programs hold online portfolio shows? That seems like it would be a very modern thing to do.
When will you come to Chicago, IL so I can show you around? I love your show and would love to hang out sometime :)
Browser relativism? It's a thing? : "No. All browsers are NOT equal in the eyes of the Lord."
my my my, how times have changed.
TSOI-LA spent the evening checking out Point Juncture, WA. Great show!
#milwaukee We are building our decking display by the millwork counter! Come check it out and see whats new!!!
I ate too fast...now I feel sick >.<
Sitting behind the sun...watching the sunre's.....-con-
I'm just gonna wait until Cody says something then I can go back to screaming at my dog.
must be DC...
Notes from the Bmesh lagoon: stop selecting two tris and attempting quad conversion. Instead, select the mid edge and delete->dissolve
my pleasure! glad you enjoyed
ahahahaha! I was trying my best to keep a straight face offering my help lol
Where youre going is much more important than where youve been.
Happy Birthday James - hope you and the family are doing well :)
The first music I ever remember hearing was the superman theme, so John Williams is big on my list
yeh idk thought he was sad cause I lived kinda far
I'll bet that last tweet reads strangely if you see it out of context. (Right, ?)
hudson? to represent america? shame on you. get a bourbon from kentucky (or lairds bonded applejack). dm me for recs
Hahahaha i hate you
I can imagine the frustration Philly feels w/ Richie/Carter. It was an easy transition for me since I love both teams.
Plans are nothing; planning is everything.  Dwight D. Eisenhower
still beaming at yesterdays win at Stamford Bridge :) Yet again our sheer determination and a bit of class did the trick :D!
Join us tonight in wishing Assistant GM Melissa Wilson farewell on her last night at Sutra Lounge!
We all know Calipari teams can't shoot free throws, right? RIGHT?
Cuz of The faces 
studio time. must do some actual work and get away from this devil-machine that wants all my attention.
- solid producr, women love the chard and men love the reds They have wide consumer appeal.
Working a a new version of the Breakthrough Creativity Profile, with a deadline on Friday. Will get back to you after that! thx
Hey how are you. Nice Blog! Follow Back :-)
I like to thank everyone for following RIFT. Join us watching it in theaters April 29. Trust me you wont be disappointed! It's crazy intense
#YEEUH DID HE SEE??
Because of , one of Panasonic's latest professional cameras now conforms to #CLVS industry standards. Thanks, Bruce!
Somebody tell to holler at a player... We got work to do
did you watch?
Dr. Phil keeps saying "swagger" because this kid on his show keeps saying he has it and #NO #wrongcontext only used for roar
come to fournos on the ave on Saturday from 10-2am for purim! dress to impress with p is for purim costumes! free tanks to first 50 guests!
I'm not about to just randomly START watching Glee.
Lets go Brewers! Bring on beast mode!
Please, please promise me that you will make the new American Fact Finder better before you switch from the old? It is awful
When generating scaffolds, you can indicate relationships, such as linking comments to posts.
When is the party?
IMHO value of facebook "like" - Qualified potential for engagement w/ fan & their friends, value assigned once fan engages; trackable
Cleaning man trying to flirt w me. Ugh. He wears tight pants too.
Having the most amazing birthday EVER!! <3
ya super happy...everyone i know already watched it.
Certainly anyway! (hall pass)
RT : One last big ups to our tour sponsors for : , , and Check em out! They r ...
can't believe its new years already
is that in texas? Then to florence and I'm staying there
RT : Sure -- bet they'd fawn all over the idea of tater tots!/Something tells me...not. Luv yr ideas
Doumit ties everything up at Target Field. Fireworks baby, fireworks.
I'd be like yeeah then run scared lol :)
Somewhere out there, someone is lying in the wet spot right now.
Merry Christmas everyone. Hope everybody Christmas wishes came true
too bad...you created this and so I will follow
Love this quote. Are you following me as well? Kind wishes.
RT : Hello my talented HB friends! Hilton Chicago is looking for an Event Floor Manager / Blue Coat. apply!
hell yeah. I've got 70. hope that's enough
Is the morning air temperature above freezing? Yes. Was the Dew Point temperature reached? Yes. Result = Dew.
hahaha....where R U from
Alright, just for you man! RT ": jealousy is a real bitch Javier...Now write twice as much!"
you better lol
go read my past tweets. I had nose surgery! Its all on my profile.
sneezing and driving. now, that shit should be illegal!
Aw, thanks guys!
Hey! To everyone following me (or anyone reading this): tell me about yourself! I don't know many people on Twitter, but I'd like to. :)
hey, at least you got somewhere to hang your dirty laundry..... tweetin's for free, no need to spend 4 bucks at suds n' duds
#COD CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS
that's good u finally stop partying n did some work lol
Best alternative to monster & careerbuilder. Real companies, low prices for ads, best candidates! www.joborworker.com
oqcvde : transaction account guarantee program project 2000 ...
Omg that was Soo funny. Cause I was Onna phone witchu the night that happen 
: I've seen enough! Get LeBron in the gym and teach him some f*cking moves with the ball! (Some footwork might help too)
Just found a great play writing seminar in Madison. Now I just got to figure out a place to stay.
Exactly u dont need Twitter to tell u bout ur stank pussy, u already telling Twitter bout ur stank pussy w/ cobwebs since March
: lol Amazing!! Any chance of a follow back ? ;-) You got it!
Commission discusses Bay Area Congressional Districts.
Mom's on a date.. and i'm jealous.
Yeaahh Boii Denver is kicking ass!:D
can I get a picture of this page!? I must see it with my own eyes!
Had an awesome weekend, minus today, today was pretty crappy. Ready to start this week. Last quarter as a sophomore! Time flies..
Who says nothing is free in life? We offer free screen set ups! No screen fees! Order custom shirts @ inkscreens.com
Start if the work week. Let's call that lawyer of yours. Those empty threats only made you run and hide coward.
Yes! RT : "I wish we could bottle up the Texas zen sauce that is Jon (Evans)." Debbie Kempe
NEWS ALERT: At least 2 people dead after explosion in Moscow's Domodedovo airport via
skip stop with the cowboys. Remember you said the giants we're the worst team in the NFC east last year in pre season. LOL
I foreshadowed tonight's meeting in a post on my blog, which I can't link to since the district's wifi is so slow!
love your show!!! Such a blessing
aye we will see though
I'm wide awake, yo
needs to shut the fuck up now. It's pathetic. is above Madonna's shit talking nonsense.
he's mine! Back off! We're engaged. And I will be riding into our wedding on Lady Rainicorn.
hehe, sorry. I reply you, and what are you doing?
Work, graduation party, work, graduation party, work = Awesome weekend!
The taste of an ice cold Gatorade when extremely hungover
I hope no supporters tricked into drinking tap water during his #belleview visit...
I might be homeless tomorrow. My mortgage company looks to be hanging me out to dry and I don't know what to do.
Thanks Brotha! " Shout out to I see them killing shit! #respect"
yeah she is....btw u seen the breaking dawn trailer?
Thanks for the RTs
Huh... Dethlahem. DND themed metal. Go on, I'm listening
Welcome to Twitter! Lookin forward to your tweets.
FREAK SHOW! Music:Conspiracy of Angels-PRIZES:Tornado Tattoo,Redcup Okc,Prohibition Room,Guestroom Records,Sauced,SCUBA Shack more to come!
: 2nd day of working out and I gotta say I'm feeling good. :))) #TeamFitness approved!
Can I Share Your Work On FB?
Smoothie before class. Yummo. #hotday Dress, sunny, flats, smoothie. Great success for a day. (:
15yr old girl w/terminal cancer has "trending on twitter" on bucket listlets help. #alicebucketlist alicepyne.blogspot.com
CONGRATS on your new opportunity, James! Happy for you!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you touch my food.
I wish I was there to listen/watch this. excellent idea.
Terrell Owens and Cris Carter = 0 Super Bowl Rings.
there all just jelly! Of you don't like him that's ok, but at least respect him!
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Nice!!! #therapythursdays #rehabultralounge RT : might stop by around midnight bro!
thanks megs. Love you.
So weird looking up to see Marine One and have it not be weird. I <3 DC
Wanna lose a boner fast? 3 words: Sex With Oprah
lol well the head fell off from the rest if the body
Ah. It would sound so good as a blurb. Can we con somebody into saying it so we can quote it?
RT "Sour D got me touchin the moon" wat the hell g u holdin out on me lol no homo!
Catching somone in the act... Priceless!!!
And we're next door to the #NTEA show. Come see us before you leave town.
Note to self: Bacardi is not your
not yet. Hoping to do one of the NYC locations soon. Good luck w Indigo. Isn't for everyone, but I loved the size, styling & charm.
follow Shackleton to Antarctica. "Scurvy almost got me once before and I did not intend to allow it a do-over." aka
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 82
Tune in right now to Late Show with David Letteman: Cubes, Carlisle and Dirk are doing the top 10 list!!!
Happy, Healthy and Prosperous New Year 2012 to all!
it is? All right. How about Marc "Galoshes" Gasol?
<Gushing> ah, thanks! Wouldn't be much w/o ppl like you! : Thanks for the follow. Your place effing rules!
just don't invite Delia's kids...
followed,follow back <3
can't believe your already 18! It feels like yesturday you were in canada singing on youtube <3
#27 jason from both(:
when a situation gets awkward;
thank the lord. :)
Thatsssssss lammmmmmeeee. Just kidding dude. Family First.
Big Sean is going to be the principle of a detroit high school for a day... I just wtf'd and smh'd
Just flipped my hair.
another stellar performance tonight!!!
10 yr federal spending plans remind me of USSR's 5 yr plans, since no plan passed by this Congress is binding on future Congresses.
Thanks for thinking of us! Unfortunately it doesn't look like any of us are free on Saturday.
I hope is at school today
i know that would be funny him coming to Sunday dinner with ravioli
Today is the first day of summer hours...which means i can either start drinking earlier.
My followers won't load! Anyway i am back from DC! Im gonna miss it but it si pretty darn good to be home!
" Come and take a walk with me.. " One of the dopest songs ever written.
i havent seen my parents or in-laws in months
visionorg Priests to forgive abortion in Pope youth festival
The penny just dropped.
In Vegas tonight? Then make your way over to Tabu Ultra Lounge inside the MGM Grand!
Why did #CharlesBarkley agree to do drag for a Weight Watchers commercial?
Paid off one of my three private student loans.
will u change where live on here?I don't want u to move to miami I want u to stay in San antonio alex needs u and we need u
Thanks for your time and effort Jason! You were a big part of what we did here! Good luck with the new site!
Welcome new followers and Looking forward to your tweets!
Thanks! Good Luck with the opening this weekend :)
Thanks to everyone who came out today to fight
With Mary Jane :)<333
you know what I just realized? That at 11:11 I was listening to 11:11 on the last day you're going to be 15! (':
Observed many times that the woman in the man/woman table at coffee shops is always yelling. Does volume equal voice?
because I love the brits Um... Sorry -_-
Hello!  Well. Here's my personal account but my other account is so follow both account up!!! 
RT : We have lots of great deals coming your way this month! Stay tuned...
I'm not a big fan of being busy.
you'll never sleep again, not even when they go to school
A worthy endeavor. RT : I think I need to watch Friday Night Lights again.
come on denver!
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin ready for a great game!!! Here we go, here we go, here we go...
#StyledbyJune on VH1 is a hit and "The Juniverse" online is next! We <3 working with June Ambrose
Natural history museum today!
Bynum needs to mature. He's learning the same bad habits Shaq did.
Some reasons that fun can improve quality of work -Fun improves communication & breaks up conflict & tension via
I get it that you need to tell your loved ones how you feel about them, but consistently posting shit on FB walls is a bit over the top no?
let you know tomorrow kid, I'm down...
Josh Reddick #Athletics having a big game.
Tomorrows feature is Sweet Potatoe Pie. If you've never tried it thats ok because we have samples! So, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN!
Social experiment for the week: Using "that'll do, pig" in really inappropriate contexts.
Summer is in exactly 6 weeks :p
It must be a great feeling knowing how loved you are everywhere!
Hey lady! When you getting in?
There isn't a list now (#AttendingIAS12 hashtag is your best bet), but there should be a list in your registration packet.
#lifewaseasybefore Dumb People started coming out of no were Ruining Relationships, lives, friendships, basically everything.
went from 105 2 106 love u guys i made my goal and now 2 follow random people
Beliebers Turn To Justin because when the world makes us feel all alone, Justin's music speaks to us :)
JUNE 16TH! PINK+WHITE PARTY FEAT + AT THE GAYLORD HOTEL! HIT ME FOR TIX 202-5606264
I need a new avi...
ALMOST AT 300 FOLLOWERS! HELP US GET THERE! PLEASE RT
Sometimes, Ozzie speaks for us all. RT : get here already been to long. get here comcast wow
Voicing our opposition to gay families we dislike : Noon rally today in support of #Colorado families against
That's the point, my dear sister. I am seeing the bigger picture and it's making me very frightened.
You can see the bugs in her hair !!  
Oof. Glad you're back on top. No rest for the weary....
YO! How you doin in the Windy City??
my case just hella saved my phone just now.. ay protect your smart phones people it's worth it!
Stop by soco for the farm to food truck challenge!
Her presentation feels like a comedy sketch. Great info w/ humor. Audience laughing every 10 seconds
Are we ready for some Power football? Power vs Tampa Bay tonight! Lets make it 5 W's in a row!!!! LETS GO POWER!
#vegasroast I swear corey thinks he's in the movie field of dreams when he comes to work. Dude has no idea what he's doing
Thank you for all the RTs and support!
lol ;) Lots of love right back :)
Strategy time: Which of the location do you think will be least crowded? & thanks for the grasshopper tip
Time to get my drink on. Hopefully I can stick around the bar to watch most of the tribe game.
Did you know: The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds... Beat that!
I did! I actually bought the new one before I sold the old one.
All the best to you, and thanks for the great work you've done for Madison/the state!
can u add GNews App?
trying to learn how to use Twitter!
Finished #reading THE OBSIDIAN BLADE by Pete Hautman. Cliffhanger ending. Didn't get to meet the cat.
I am supportive of women but it's because they have done great thing w/their lives. They struggle & sacrifice. We don't need a time warp.
Come on #Bruins!
There is a new braid album? So weird.
: Too bad Mr. Rodgers may not play. Hello Matty Flynn!!/I've never seen MF play b4. Rodgers is old news 2 me ;)
Funny, I have hardly used #spotify since I got it.
"it is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth, when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound Believe! Believe!"
Woo! Looks great!
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's Artists on the Verge Project 2012"! Post on their wall to request SMARTS
We've all been playing ME3 since it launched. I think now we're all mostly playing multiplayer ^BPS
ZillyDilly creator will be at #IRA2012 next week! Give us a shoutout if you'd like to meet up!
Bed time, Burgundy out.
theres moments when i feel so sad i just feel like bursting into tears. why is it that all of this could be thrown at one person to handle
You know, if college football adopted a draft, it would really cut down on the recruiting scandals.
New Mixtape: Lil ' B 'The Silent President ' Lil ' B is back and he 's giving us another new mixtape .
Playing squash at the MAC
This draft is stacked with wrs....calm downsbrowns fans lol let go Browns!.!!
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
In need of a good nut
u ain't kidding!!!!!
not really a contest. would win by just looking at her.
is killin' time before work.
nah but it is better than the 24-2 buttkicking the giants gave the falcons
PROTECTIVE CELL PHONE CASE
Stop checking your phone for a text youll never get.
If you come to Miami don't miss run at the beach by sunset time...
This is about to go off.
Ms. Kirkendall speaks to the LCPS Board regarding the advantages of FLES for native speakers of Spanish and how FACTS not opinions matter.
Thank you! Have a wonderful Mom's day.
interested. If I can!
With the corporate softball team in 17-A
Goin' to leave this brokedown palace, on my hands and my knees I will roll, roll, roll
Indeed, it was ;) #CANstruction RT : was that called a "cantastrophy?"
Good morning!
WAIT. WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU ALL FLIPPIN SHIT ABOUT. LIKE IDK WHAT YOU ARE ALL TALKING ABOUT. YA OK .
Why didn't you say hey? .... Creeper RT : Opted not to be a creeper as just walked by me
monsters, inc. C:
Slow morning..... Good Morning Everyone! U all have a Blessed Day! :o)
where do you live ? O.o lol
Come on ... Away teams making late push too :)
SO TRUE. That show has to change its voting process. Best singers get voted off week after week after week...
ATTENTION #ChristiansGirls FOLLOW she is the ultimate
DANG THAT IS TODAY
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN <3
not yet, most schools will get back to me around mid-march; I've got acceptances in San Diego and Michigan but FIU waitlisted me
He's on Fire!!!
This really shouldn't be as hard as it is.
Why is the Cleveland show still on the air?
trying to get u me and tommy together for a practice
*cue Friday by rebbeca black*
Break That Single show is on 11am to 1pm PST M/F Breaking new music for the world to enjoy.
oops! show this Friday. haha
Bad Decisions has awesome mixed drinks, Fleet St and Washington Ave. Pretty low key, good bar food, great bartenders
Macy's Restaurant in Downtown Miami- One of the Best Kept Secrets of a Great Place to Have Lunch !
you crack me up lol(;
That is sweet. You made the right decision.
Wish someone can cook me breakfast for a change!
Seems that the squeaky wheel gets the oil.
okay sis but call me tomarrow i got prom tonight
ill be there in 5!!!
Outlaw cast consists of ex-dexter cast
My little doggy Hector ran away from home this morning :( Thankfully he came back ...covered in stinky black shit -.- #GladHe'sBack
Bieber For Grammy :D YES......<3
uh that's okay I'll pass
Guys in scarves...no, just no.
awh, I'm sorry Alex
Extremely limited time offer -- Cyber Monday holiday 6-pack: bit.ly/vnqBk9
In response to our local fireworks ban, try the LCP's homemade 'hood fireworks recipe!: Emptied gunshell powder + rolling papers + caution.
It's all true, especially the part about me smiling...
looking forward to seeing you at the Youk's Kids event tonight!
the only thing i liked about new haven was its massive amount of cute dogs. new haven = puppy heaven.
please lead the investigation into the refs who called today's game.
I consider it a major act of restraint when I dont lecture people who slam the ending to Lost.
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit & how you put god in your coaching. It gave me hope as an actor. Luv ya
Please follow me !
The students did so well with their essays! I can tell they took my advice to heart and revised. So proud!
So funny!
$60 VIP Reserved seats remain for tonight's NAFC "Kickboxing Gladiators" fights inside Milw Harley-Davidson, 11310 W Silver Spring. GA $30.
So are those Parks & Rec/Community/30 Rock rumors true or what?
The balance between schedule, release timing, features, hours of gameplay vs. quality of those hours is the trickiest part of game dev, IMO.
you're welcome! 17?
The better question is....when are you coming back to New York?
RT : Heading to the study,work, & volunteer abroad fair at Tate! Ill be working the booth so come visit me!!
I promise I took it last year, and everyone here has already took it. You'll get it in like 45 min. It's common sense.
Hope last night was not the last we saw is a uniform, but he deserves a chance for a ring somewhere! Much Love Steve
For the most recent updates on music, music and fashion, follow
I wanna marry someone really funny
Congratulations!!! Looks like you had a great time - can't wait to read this one!
everyone runs around saying how tyler perry must be stopped; my vote is solidly with russ parr, lol
Every Cincinnati kitchen needs an indoor grill...because you never know when the weather will change.
uh....good morining
MT : MT Mark your calendar for this Thurs. 5/10 for at 7:00p.m. on We're featured!
#artcar parade then Dynamo opening game in a new downtown stadium. great day in #Houston today!!
Ill-phrased, yes. But larger point that many moms don't have the choice Ann Romney did is legit
Sending you a #ff shout out and thanks for the RT earlier this week!
8 o'clock and no #glee ajdkfkdv ok I'm freaking out I can't take a hiatus!!!!!
Ever have one of those LONG debugging sessions where the enemy is yourself? Just sayin'
hahaha. you should take my icon and zoom in on the toe nail ;) well if you want :P
Rondo wet his ass
he is So old lol
Lol brittany is a drama Queen ..
Saw your tweet. You're in my prayers.
Justin taught me how to never say never & to belive :) <3 <3
homemade angel food cake really is heavenly... har har!
Glad to hear it! Prost!
Damn I miss yo Ass.
The Abyss only wants deep, meaningful hugs.
My mom's be blowin mines with the bullshit
Sitting in Loyola Park gazing at the soothing blue of Lake Michigan. And watching the seagulls. A bit like I never left Florida.
I'm a beat them tables up up up up up Stanton Social tonight 11-2am feel me?
Well, then take a carnap pic!
I love airports, they've got... like... chairs.
Google searches Twitter and FB for ranking.
I hate food
Agreed. Those were pretty much the greatest 10 minutes of my life. He was so on that day!
no longer a fan of the body pump class. ouch!
how much does that cost? And any ETA on Cloud Browse for Droid? And any chance of flash being fixed?
People without allergies are SO lucky.
see you on Thursday!!
just now ANY win is something!
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
You can't touch music, but music can touch you.
Austin is having the most amazing #lightning storm!!!
im a Textaholic!
time to take the snuggie into the office and take a nap
No problem sir Chinese M&M's (MMCHNZ) XD
Flying to Toronto on Friday. Really hoping the strike is resolved before then!
we sat in 109 with you guys a few weeks back and now we are obsessed. Chanted for #shark last night in 136 too!
You're just saying that, its ok babe
4th quarter Eli doin what he does
ha, I often feel that way. :)
Yeah, you're right. I overreacted. Nice hook, but ultimately too mawkish.
Heading down 55 north musty
no. We shall not.
What up tweople! Good Monday what&#39;s poppin ?
Find the perfect Mothers Day gift - Keurig is doing live demonstrations Friday - Saturday! See how easy it is to brew the perfect cup!
Home watching a movie alone :-(
new music finally uploaded to the station!
Had the best birthday thanks to amazing friends! :)
Wish I could give my mama what she really wants for mother's day, I need to win the lottery or something....
signed with the heat
i refuse to complain about the blazing, sweltering, smothering, soul-destroying heat.
Thanks... we really appreciate the shout out!
Goodnight twitter! Good day, good game!
Time for the black mumba to strike
It's crazy outside...
Bhagavad Gita~ One who sees inaction in action and action in inaction is intelligent among men.
shes the definition of a rude bitch
Right back 'atcha! #FF Follow to stay up to date with great advice, research, and offerings from EDUCAUSE!
no but u can get to know me
ill be on ny phone as well unless there is a way to watch it live online?
Being single is not a problem. It's a solution! =)
Aww, Leonard Nemoy is there to welcome #Enterprise #OV101 to NY!
Doing laundry T.T
Hahaha - I was just laughing at everyone using the exact same language. And I am working!! :D
Agree...fell asleep in the middle of that one!
The lovely
Sounds like the local tweetup scene was cancelled on account of Jesus. Rochester, never change.
Do you want to do an interview with us for our website? :)
MPEG Streamclip should do the trick... and it's free! :)
I need to figure out a way to share it. :) Until then, if you're in the Tidewater, give me a shout.
- Absolutley. Tons of potential, just wait. Mr. Harris is back and enjoying working with the #teenwolf cast.
Hey, it's actually a cool song!!!! :P :L But seriously :D <3 x
There's an LJS, but the coupon is only good for Red Lobster, and we were at Olive Garden. So...confusing.
Enjoying inflight wireless access while flying back to West Palm Beach for current writing-training-consulting hospice project.
put that ish on YouTube Pimpin!
: 9 minutes 44 seconds hope that's a track length
Maybe he's not being swung by individual games?
Up and at 'em!
ii saw your mom yesterday I miss seeing you all.
With much praying and thinkin I am getting ready to start working on my mixtape.
Jst cut my favorite pants & made them into shorts since they didn't fit me from the bottom anymore.
Being sick never felt so good.
classically crazy!!!!
Only good thing that came out of watching new #bachelorette on Monday: gift for my husband for Father's Day: pink button down & pink tie.
Freaking gorgeous shots in that...Amazing how they got some of them.
Please recommend us to your friends. We would like to reach 25 so that we can qualify for our own URL ;P
Looking up SEO words. What words do you use?
Shout out to all my new followers.
For the record, if u use #YOLO as an excuse to do the wrong thing...u might as well fuck someone with AIDS. Now that's really
bored any one want to talk;0
Can't wait to watch Floyd mash Cotto tomorrow night -
omg hahaha idk where she went
The premier of #madmen is upon us. I. Am. Pumped.
Hi Keli! Any chance of getting an original copy of the article from Jan 6th? Thanks!
Yesterday: phonecall- 'Hi we'd like to shoot you in Texas!' ...Pardon? Today: flying to Dallas to film for Discovery's 'Fatal Encounters' :)
Yes Yes. I love you, little friend.
Boarding/exiting the Metro at Anacostia RT : #QOTD: What's one thing you knocked... til you tried?
Can u keep a secret?
We are all big fans of the Red Sox here @ The Place. That being said, we would like to tip our caps in honor of Tim Wakefield.
Indeed. Plus, it's a better workout than carrying around some bitty MacBook.
reading other peoples fights on twitter >
This panel has not devolved into the bloodbath we've all been hoping for.
are ur shoes unisex or only for boyz? because i am thinking of buying and i dont wanna buy a boyz shoe
new website looks great-congrats!
What a completely condescending article. Glad the comments point that out.
Retweet if u hate cheaters!
I do not know the specifics of the advertising on the site; however, I believe it is a 3rd party that is involved, not DK.
What's new? Has anyone started school yet?
Going to miss you too Joanne, looking forward to the Three Amigos all meeting up again in Nashville   
It's not silly at all! Congratulations!
thanks for the follow back!!
I used that subject line in my email
RT : No 1 is expected 2 get along w/ everyone. ppl R difft 4 a reason. But we shld ALL respect 1 another & R differences.
I'mma bout to start a list of joints I want you to feature on...
Besides the big 3 (rg3, luck, t.rich) which nfl rookie premiere guy are you most excited for?
lol your welcome love! and im so glad to hear that
Hope yall bitches paid your deposits ! ! !
Watching the Sox and voting for Paul Konerko to be in the All-Star Game. It shouldn't come down to this but I'll keep voting! Lol
its okay
The Smoking Room is sold as an ebook too. Thanks for reading my tweets!
The #Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
Why's everyone quit following me :( so sadT.T
Yo! What's up??
sorry to see you unfollowed me..hope that makes you feel better about yourself
I think you'd be a mixture of Harry and Louis
I have sensitive ass skin I hate it
Hi,Its Victoria!
It is amazing how new ideas, even when they are presented with evidence, are resisted so strongly.
I need new shoes, just no stores around here sell original Vans anymore.
I've never seen him play hard, good riddance
If you wear alot of makeup, dont say that another girl wears alot? lol
Azure best of the best
You guys are amazing and cute... ;)
Fuck yea titans lost ha ha ha
Working on my SXSW Interactive schedule...one of my favorite weeks of the year.
happy Monday!
Now heat trying 2 Bullie the cause they sticking in ths game & beat they ass before. w/out R MVP. Sorry ass team
Love it....keep it going!!! I'm passing it along!!
#quote "Our fate is based on how we see the world or on how we have been programmed to experience it." Biologist Bruce Lipton (ODE 5-12)
We restocked on our "drop love" black tank! And their still ONLY $15! Snag them up while there still on sale! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
Boogie is gettin' it done!
Craig Road is open in both directions.
Role playing will definitely spice up the bedroom actions !!!!!!
My step daddy is really yelling at this game... lol
theater tour coming soon? I hope he plays Very excited for this. Please come to Oakland or San Francisco.
I'll be back at Spaghetti Warehouse in Dallas on Saturday with some fresh ideas for the show.
is a great opener for ! Fun band.
or go get while u can
Come visit the Zipcar team on PSU's campus today! Look for us on the N side of Neuberger Hall & bring your pals down to sign up for a deal.
Hello Wisconsin
Keep your eyes peeled for Erica's interview of Jets OT D'Brickashaw Ferguson at Gatorade's Mobile Science Lab in Miami. www.gogameface.com
all movies end with marrage,dieing,or somebody getting the mann of they're dreams
I just wanted to talk to you
Are there any bonefires happening graduation weekend?
Omg I was just at school and my mom almost ran into mrs.N ..... thankk god she didn't. 
pussy way out. At least no tax $ spent on trial and prison
where the wolfies at :D
Thank you! Appreciate it! :) RT : hey thanks for the follow - love what you do!!
Preparing to fail is failing to prepare...
Its a sad day .... its a sad day. I'm just glad I didn't waste two hours in San Lorenzo waiting in line for the losing ticket
How are u that faded that u drown in a bath tub??? Wish she could have got some help
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA & TO THE REPUBLIC
Thanks for the RT! Sebastian Inlet is awesome. :)
Try 4 o'clock Saturday where I'm at on the west coast!
Make everyday a Small Business Saturday!!!! Support
|_+!~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Nothing stays the same...thats the part of the game she forgot about....~ con ~
Can someone elist all man made problems on earth?!
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them because I know life is really, really tough for the visually impaired.
Just met #Denver mayoral candidate so personable! And supporting clinica tepayac! Cast your vote!
HELL YES!!!! We'll see you in DC Monday night!
go brewers!
have a day!
Thomas Robinson is too timid. He has this compulsion to dribble when he gets the ball in the post. GET BALL -> JUMP -> DUNK.
Gym > Sleep
If only, that one hurt a bit :-)
The traditional mentorship model in research tends to be one directional and doesn't support an equitable envr for scholars of color
!!! How did you swing that?
yes I did yu said so what !
going on a date is just a complete and total waste of time.
Tea Party has highlighted gap between govmt workers & private sector workers pay - Grover Norquist.
So much for the dignity of *people*
What'd you think? (The loyalty of a certain transplanted Baltimorean to your restaurants may or may not be at stake...)
dont forget states have prisons too!
ok whoah reread that (your last tweet). ???
Help get us to our goal of 200 on out Justin Bieber account ? It would mean a lot guys, + we follow back, just ask 
you think the 45 degree nights in san diego are cold now?!
Just waiting in sea-tac for air canada to finally get it together and check us in. What, do u prefer we don't fly your airline?
how are you cutie on duty?
lol! that would definitely give me more cred with my husband ;)
Diary of a Crossword Fiend  Blog Archive  Thursday, 4/26/12
Amen! Libraries, by and large, don't have the expertise to solely fund/run publishing venues, but I think we can help.
best. houseboat. ever.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
scared of what?
you tellin me to move out my house
Wow. is playing Brass Monkey. I'm now crying.
Anyway a grad student can come be a fly on the wall?
Talking #idol on in just a bit.
Come on Miller miss this one
I love The Mist!!!
My current tweet RT : My last tweet
I though i wasnt going to do this anymore...
I ain't got shit to do tomorrow so I'm up all night
I always thought he was behind the couch. Good luck with your pregnancy! And get as much sleep as possible now.
Ay can a poor rapper tryin to make it big get some free beats? ;D
I TOTALLY remember you! eek! ow have you been? are you still out in long beach?
lol okay but I don't drive in the city I always take the El haha
You know it's a good day when you pick up and he's wearing short running shorts and a vneck.
um, whatever you say...
ROFLOL!! It took me nearly 3 hours to figure out what you wrote! =D Welcome to Twitter!
I'm a local coffee gal but that's why our is great w/ awesome staff!
...pls check your account; I rec'd a spam message from you today. Thanks..Hoping all is well.
Evita broadway show
youu worrying about dying or when the world ends
Happy New Year and how is your dad doing?
No, I didn't. There were books? Now I have to get these.
Hey Neflix can you put all seasons of Designing Women on instant streaming? I need my Julia Sugarbaker fix yall
I need a new pair of J's and a silver rosary!!
Please follow me?:))
Trying to break into a building, Rene cracks,"Doubt your dental floss will work here, Aimee." Great characters!
Im Happy Af!!
I GUESS I GOTTA DUMP OL GIRL...
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist. ~Oscar Wilde
Too many people see it as a business and want to cut corners with art and setup...
are about to be golfing.
No! I don't want one either! F Tablets!
sorry me and zoo lander will text yu first don't worry!! lol
Craving a Jo Snow cocktail...head to Bar or Wood Fired to imbibe...they'll set you up! Cheers!
hanging with at Burbank and Lankershim. No lines!
The water bear is an amazing animal.
Beyond Boundaries Promotional Video
Working with my special needs students today.. My favorite group to work with. Puts things in perspective..
Good Morning World!
You are awesome.
google search for dispoable muffin tins, saw my photo and clicked.
Ok people Who Getting MVP leBron or Kevin Durant..please Comment
how'd you forget? you were the only person to get me a Hanukkah present!
The first paragraph alone of 's book is enough to justify my buying it.
wait was I supposed to add #coyoteruns #crispinrocks not sure how this works, but I had a blast at the run!
yea i agree but jack morris shoulda got in. He was good for so many years. There are some peeps who dont deserve too be on
don't give up. just be you, cause life's too short to me anybody else <3
I could care less about all you sluts at Brandeis.
Can't believe I made it through the whole night without tripping until the very end.
The world wants good enough, enthusiastic solutions not carefully crafted documents anymore
PLEASE DO... or a lock of hair... I'd be grateful for either one.
HAWKS MAKE BLOCKBUSTER TRADE: Mo Evans, Bibby, and one of the Crawfords to the Wizards for Kirk Hinrich plus something else.
Agreed, wonderful live show. Enjoy!
When Dave let's you get subway for dinner cause he realizes we have no food >>
Based on my in-class participation, I should be a "writing cursive in the margins of my notes" major.
#RealFriendsDont Tell You What You Want To Hear, They Tell You What You Need To Hear.
not mine...cousin. The big oh-four...haha but thanks for the knid thought!
Well got me to listen to the Serena Williams rap. That was...I mean...oh.
A painting that is well composed is half finished. Pierre Bonnard
I'd like to get a copy of Clock of Destiny I & II, anyone in the know have these??? I need to re review some things. Inbox me please. Peace.
Two days left to save big on the Clear Admit Waitlist Guide! Receive 15% off purchase of the Waitlist Guide and School Guide til 5pm on 3/12
That's what the Kardashians do, they ruin it all :)
Much Appreciated!!
#OKC going all the way this year sorry Kobe!!!
TRAFFIC: Crash - Odana Rd in front of Smart Toyota. (Near Tokay Blvd.)
dancing in my basement with Tiffani, Ellen, and Josh you?
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, & discipline. -Jesse Owens
Thank you and Happy Friday!
So windy at Eric Kahnert's live shot we could barely hear him on at 9pm. We'll update the High Wind Warning at 10pm.
Dumb Ass Giants fan interferes with a fair ball down the line
nice resorts on Lake Vermillion!
you guys should make an app...I would definitely download it :D
We'll be back in the studio for more guitar tracking tomorrow! We'll keep you posted with some photo/video shortly.
my leg is dead
Harry Potter. Or James Bond.
Its a Leisurely start to the Thursday Morning Commute.... all of our Freeways still looking good....
So many geeks and hipsters in one place.
8 hour video game binge. I think so!
RPS Libraries have awesome Romantic Comedy Displays at all of our centers! Come visit and check out something that will make you smile :)
has given my cat a nickname - Keyser Soze. I'm not sure this is a term of endearment.
there were pages turned , bridges burned , but there were lessons learned <3
Trouble, trouble. Always (:
Try our new BLUEGRASS POPSICLES bluegrass = (blue berries, hibiscus, orange peel, and berry leaves)
trying to get my computer work, its slow cause its raining. it taking me forever just to send this
Did the 2 quarrel over bldg materials? RT : The classic toy "Lincoln Logs" invented by son of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
Happy Sunday Beautiful People! 85 Degrees! Walked the dog, made breakfast, went to church, and now its chill time #ILoveLA - XavierLT. com
I'll never be a catfish noodler! Swimming in murky water wearing neon tshirt w/ beer logo'd hat hoping a fish swallows my arm, no thanks!
im board like every1 im following - thats all i see ppl saying
u kno i got u. ;-] <3 but, 2 hours is too long for ya or what?
You know what sounds good right now??? Wilson's.
Here's to the Jakers who haven't met but still support him just as well as the ones who have met him.
hosting tip via Bill Geddie Dont look for affirmation from the audience ... half the country is cheering you on from somewhere else.
Why, hello Saturday, so good to see you again!
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. - Arnold Bennett
Did you watch Pacquiao vs. Marquez????..SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS
gonna miss u on the court.. Seeya next season Ewill
I miss that aspect of volunteering in a library. Since I moved, I talked to the local one abt it, but OT happened at work.
My friend and my phone calls are so weird
I hope my boyfriend doesn't leave to Mississippi for work:(
Downside to fair use is that it is US centric.
": pony?" never been to the pony what's it like? Lol
oh that movie looked interesting, ill have to go see it now :)
Hope you have a blessed birthday, Alex !!!
Had our annual year end celebration last night! So fun to see everyone dressed up and celebrate everyone's hard work! It's been a fun year!
Have you ever considered that there is more to our lives than what we experience on a physical level?
and we will appear on Reggie Gay TODAY!!! Check us out a 8pm Channel 57!
thanks, Kathy!
that's what I'm talkin bout! I'll be here all summer. Come with perri when we get back from the Bahamas
Oh you're having a grad party and invited 1,200 of your closest friends on Facebook? Let me know how that goes.
they are still doing CPR!!
Sounds good! ttys
Thanks for RT!
Art walk and square one.
Brain Floss: The American Dental Hygenists Association says snacking on celery, carrots, or apples helps clear away loose food and debris.
ok then watch the other NEW vid i sent you plz plz plz im going to send u one each day
CANT WAIT!! - WE PLAYIN TRICKY-T'S B-DAY! W/ Z-TRIP FASHEN DEATH-TO-THE-THRONE @ PINKY RING ON WEDNESDAY! GONNA BE NUTS! GET YOUR TICKETS
actually, sex is the key, which is a message you guys should like. It all has to do with Peter & Olivia doing the nasty.
Look What's NEW at www.patrickscatering.com....
Reading 52 part4. (Animal man's kid about Starfire) She's like ET ...but with Double D's
yeh u can see on my followers :)
OMG how? Are you serious?
Can't wait till I graduate!
did I ever send you my address?
Following for #KmobsChallenge #Android users get to it!
We need 2 more followers till we reach 400!! Who will those people be?!
North Korea's Kim Jong II has died. **BREAKING NEWS**
Ewww she got vomit in her hair....I would cry
That sounds fabulous. I want a brandy-filled hip flask too!
- What's the trick to NOT losing one's mind? Especially when throttling a beloved is out of the picture.
Below The Brim is steel designing & redesigning its scene for animation
I wonder if it could go on cereal. Breakfast of champions!
The more people see something, the more it sinks in. Use similar content to tell a complete story.
Hey Will everything is great, and how are you?
Today was just a big test in my life. Things just happen for a reason in life.
thanks for the links -- I couldn't squeeze them in w/the big list of great upcoming events!
You should follow me to show your #WildcatNation some love!
KRONWALL! that was PAINFUL to watch. ok boys let's use this momentum.
At Fox Harbor now but might head to the Can
Just our hands as we try to defuse yet another bomb. Nobody said being action heroes in our own minds would be easy. And you?
Seriously. Someone text me.
they are getting married?
When hosting your REEL on Actors Access, be very specific about the scene and role you are playing. Make it easy for the casting director!
Johnny bs Antioch tonite 925 let's go #lightsonblackparty no cover early lounge jump off
Go Credenza Crazy! www.midcenturymobler.com
AND THERE IS "UP TO 60% SALE" STILL GOING. DO NOT LOOSE YOUR CHANCE.
I need male recruiters...fellas let's get money...hit me up for details
"I'll Have Another!" And so ends another #KentuckyDerby #RunForTheRoses!
Second chances don't come often. When they do, give it all you got!
Teehee! RT "Everyone wants my seal approval, instead of my walrus of condemnation."
QUESTION OF THE DAY? If your boyfriend/girlfriend cheated on you, would you want to know about it?
Were you able to confirm that Austin date?
Thanks for watching. When are you in Miami again?
My mind isn't ready for this trip. Also I bruised the arch of my foot trying to clean a light fixture.
we're the last act for the show so we got mad time bro lol
check your email
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
Very happy for your good news. Fingers crossed that things keep moving in positive directions!
I wanna go home now.
thanks - saw your blog post. Great stuff!
Michael Trent would like to challenge all of the Wildfire Firefighters to Contribute!
This is how magazines sell in America. Same crap over and over, with different packaging
RT bonkers how many #Supreme Kate Moss snipes are up.LES been bombed something fierce. Guerrilla marketing win for them again
We don't want you to play because we don't want you to get hurt. That's what happens when you play in this game, apparently.
if i could find someone who naps as much as me i would be all for having a nap battle.
Who is going to Gold Cup tomorrow?
No one has claimed the Laptop Monster yet! 1st person to with proof of their ticket purchase gets him. He's cute and soft.
send me one in a package and make sure to put breathing holes in the box 4 em haha and a big pink polka dot bow! :) thx
Happy 8th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchisee....Kishore & Anjana Kumar! Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
Don't forget to join us at the happy 45 minutes. Happening now in ballroom D.
Summer's here. Windows are open so we can ALL hear various kids crying, dogs whining and private conversations. Let the good times roll.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (12)
The message of DIgital Science is that Macmillan realizes it needs to become more of a technology company (amen!)
RT : Educating faith-based communities about child abuse is so important to bringing it to an end! Thank you to the......
Reminder: Tomorrow 1st of the month 20 % off your purchase...come to any of our 3 locations and do you Sunday Shopping!
Yay! And Good(:
At the Sunshine Sachs Newsmakers event
Thx for the RT & the conversation:)
Community Impact Artist presented by Herman Pennamon ! he has been on more stages than most performers
Don't tell me one thing then do another .
glad your daddy found it :) see, no need to cry :) but if its coz of happiness I guess its ayt hahaha lol :) love yewww <3
Thanks again for coming from so far to be part of the Letter Writing Social and sharing your #showandmail!
i know right!!!!
smile please.
no, because you'd be the worst winggirl ever LOL.
Have you been to see the Yayoi Kusama exhibition at yet? Our design team recommends it!
playing big fat fun , spliff laden tracks... These dudes and gal know their records!!!!
I have a feeling it's one of those apps I've granted permission to use my twitter, though. :(
Need to start working out... maybe ill do that today too?
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year In ATL - Gospel Awards
Between and 's posts how am I supossed to see straight while laughing my head off and fanning myself!!!!!!!
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is ready to die any time.
Went on a 2 mile jog after lifting?
There are some fantastic alternate holidays in December. When I was a kid, we did St Lucy (13th) and St Nicholas (5th) days
Yes it is! I love hearing you sing!! :D :D
Thanks for the compliments...we heart shoppers like you :D
So close to cody.
ok u 2
So.. My morning started out with a bang!
my maneger bought me flowers cuz i act lke a mom
A relationship that starts too fast, ends even faster."
is officially in the building ! Feel the #vibe |
sure it wasn't a dude zim?
I never texted you?!?
Anyone remember Keenan and Kel? Watching it now. Is that weird? I love it.
HANG ON! IM EATING CHICKEN!
Let's go half on a babygirl..
"Every thought you have has an energy that will either strengthen or weaken you." - Dr. Wayne W. Dryer
is going to see Summer Hours then back to work.
any drinking involved?
I have seen #ThePrestige a half dozen times and the multiple twists get me every time.
you got me!
Feeling like Monday here. What do you tell yourself when you need a tsunami of motivation and inspiration?
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. -E. Nightingale
The site may continue to be down for a little longer yet, but we're on it. Very frustrated but very on it.
I'm going to put myself into a diabetic coma tonight.
You guys killed - see you next time RT : thanks so much for a rockin evening! catch you next time
well good is in the eyes of the beholder ... right? I'm covering a lot of bases, so I guess pretty good. You??
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails."
alright fer sure sweetheart see ya tomorrow morning <3
Morning Rockstars! > A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
how life treat'n you
Jinsu needs to run far away and never return.
Events + Response = Outcome (Cool, huh? You get to choose the response and influence the outcome!)
Any #librarians out there using Roving Reference in their #library ? How does it work? Is it successful?
If u're not following , u're not cool ;)
I'm trying to get some work done, but its not happening because I've got a throbbing headache right now and the coffee is not helping.
Bone thugz greatest hits on the way to work today.
i regret deleting my ICONic Boyz blog :/
: talk by made me stop see and hear the 3 empires in a whole new way, thanks for telling me about it
Y'all stay safe out there!
Thanks for the follow!
Proud of my boy for being the Breakout Star of Breakout Kings.
ha cus that's so true!
That is ridiculous.
no look at my icon duhh
I just want to get out of this town.
I hate when I have the feeling that I'm missing something, but can't figure out what it is! >.<
yea only problem is, its a technical institute lmao
Not quite sure what ur talkin bout but my acct was hacked.
FYI, James, when you add that dash, you interrupted the link. It's really
Hi Kara! Gr8t story about ! When u have time, pls check us out, , maybe we could be featured 1 day too :-).
Hey, um Austin? I got a question.. Serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um.. will you follow me? ;)
you'll be coming on the 10th right!!! I'll get a pole if I have to!! (kidding!!)
that page is more interesting viewed on a phone
what is your favorite song from Wicked?
#InMiddleSchool Recess Used To Shake!
I het to be a man united fan tonight H
hey. Didn't see this reply. Nice to meet you too.
Subscribe RSS  Email  Mobile
happy birthday, and 39 minutes.
Gottlieb: Went around room asking how much each official made - $270k to $700k each - city officials in 2-sq mile city of Bell made more...
I love you:)
LOVED The Judds Premiere...Is it just me or does Naomi look like Latoya Jackson....
lol, my son plays at 4... Will you be at free state?
Not sure if I should stay in a job that offers stability or venture into the unknow and do what I am mosst passionate about? Any ideas? :)
drinkiing a bottle of vodka yesterday, midnight coneys and shin splints
#acton on fire! SAVE MY #BLUMRANCH PEACHES!
New blog post : Advantages and Disadvantages of Protein Powders
Once upon a design ...
oh yes. i was outside because i came back from running! I wasnt waiting for you lmao (:
Detention after school for chewing GUM.. lmfao
RT : ----------- RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
It's time to move on, and i'm slowly getting there,
Spanish class is so boring
The Hole is so fantastic! We got cowgirl boots!
Your bday is so last week. RT : Woot woot... B-day dinner tonight with Thanks for organizing!
im rite next to you bae
My friends would make an announcement at prom saying its my birthday... #awkward :P
What Keeps the Food Industry Moving Forward, University Research in Food Science, and the Future of Vending Machines ...
I miss you, baby close your eyes let's meet in our dreams tonight. <3
Happy Friday, and best of luck to those of you participating in state finals tomorrow! Be sure to tweet us as to how it goes!
So ima sit right here and wait for you to talk about it.
Dang everyone hates on Lebron
wait my feed is from england. this is weird.
"Saying I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the House"
Will U all post a link onTwitter?
he's not coming till like next year and Taylor might come with us cause i told both of u that u could come with me and eric
Who's a part of my team?! We're taking over!!
I should start making rant videos... There are some people in society I can't believe even exist haha
Successful authors use transitional coaches for encouragement and clarity
I might get kicked out of school tomorrow for beating the shit out of the kid who bullied Alexandria
Just got a account, but it only has Restaurants in the UK. #NYC restaurants please.
Team trivia tonight at 8pm. Stop for the fun or just come and enjoy 35 cent wings from 5pm-midnight.
here's a tissue!
Hanging out with and wife and the Pagan. Getting material for Sunday sermon.
thank you
Whoa! Just spent 1.5 hrs chatting w/2 of my copy catalogers re RDA, FRBR, future of cataloging, info modeling, etc. Time to go home!
he stopped liking beautiful souls of girls lol
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
Giggs you couldn't do ONE good thing for Manchester with your balls?
It's better to die upon your feet than to live upon your knees
Congrats to and the new officers of the 2011-2012 Executive Board!
how many points is "nrudzicz" worth assuming best placement
Oh shut it Drew you are way passed me on this train
#scratch that! && are my newest Bestfriends! Haha
Great Scott!
#Hawaii has offered Maryland 2014 safety Kobie Walker, joining the #Badgers and #NCState. Talk about a fun official visit (minus the flight)
Coming soon to gmail... better ads? Gee. Can't wait.
Driving by myself and can't help but laugh out loud while listening to So funny.
#BanBelieber BIEBER IS FOREVER AND ALWAYS BELIEBERS NEVER GO BACK WE WILL ALWAYS BE A BELIEBER THROUGH EVERYTHING
You've been running trew my mind all day
I need those American flag shorts.
thanks for pointing that out. I will fix it
Yeah it's trending
More coverage coming your way soon! was at the Steeplechase today!
what a great game! Hope you all had a blast!
THERE ARE 2 TWITTER ACCOUNTS FOR ZAYN'S AVOCADO. OMG ZAYN WHAT HAVE YOU DONE.
Pop show tonight!!!!!
Happy that Keaton gets 2 spend next week in FL w/friend, who lives there (havent seen ea other for 3yrs)-while Troy & I are on a cruise.
We need 4 hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth. -Virginia Satir
follow my new account
favorite song from that movie!!!! Or maybe it's "Let's Hear it For the Boys", especially when that weird/funny guy danced
Why him? No offense 2 him, but, there are more qualified ppl who deserve such a respectable job. Give the little guy a chance.
gonna go see a friends band play in the eastvillage tonite. &by 'friend' I mean 'dude-I-met-in-jail'...
Watching the Bill Evans Oslo concerts on Netflix. Amazing.
why is the ocean salty?
: #whywouldyoucheatif your girl looked like ? #youwouldnt
every little kiss is drivin me wild, throwin little cherry bombs into my fire
:) yeah his shot there was really nice! Anyway time for me to take off, good night :)
Holiday World in Santa Claus, IN. It has to be one of the best amusement parks in the USA, and water park.
"Tell me, when your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?" - Tyrion
#chulavista 2010 City Atty candidate Faigan should have done like Bob Castaneda & and just rented a CV place. Maybe next time
you went to Pump Room without me and Mike? So disappointed...
Love is not proving anything by adoring a person to show them you care or pulling away to show them your point.
Congrats on your new studio!
I miss our talks :(
: Joe jonas is annoying me to no end he's not the least bit funny to me THIS.
well you should go anyways. for a minute it looked like erick traded u with that tall black dude lol
Hi Lizzy!! Where in the world are you?
(Also, awesome nerdy debate is awesome, and I envy the nerdy lifestyle that your suite [and Patty] leads. :P)
Ambition is the key to success.
You are welcome and you too, Corey!
Deadliest Catch without the crabs...
thx for giving it a try, Paul. we're aware of all the bugs and work on fixing them.
I started my essay !(:
Move it or lose it.
somthing I'm not :)
Well hit the gym..feeln healthy and gr8! Cnt wait for bball to start! Im pumped!
<3 Everyone Loves You <3 I Hope I made You Smile After You Read This :]
Looking forward to getting together with family & friends again today.
My body is not used to physical labor. Now I cant control my mouse or hold my wine glass without my hand shaking.
Like Wtf! Exactly why ion fuck around w/ that relationship BullShitt!
RT:  When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
That prediction is bold as that tie/vest/jacket combo.
The janitor is an asshole at out school
listening to repeat show - my fav phrase:put on your big girl panties & deal w/ it!!
Now my muscles won't have time to repair and rebuild themselves! :|
: remember when you gave options to import content into your service. Now that you're shutting down could we get an export?
underdog of the year, call me rocky
Saw some #Raider players at Morton"s Steakhouse at dinner last night. Those boys can eat...but can they play ball?? #boltup!
Before 1850 clothes were hand stitched by those that wore them. Clothes were not made for fashion, but rather for commodity.
I just realized your mom never texted me back....
I'm gonna have to get you a flight
you're so hott!
Nosebleeds are gross.
congratulations to (AJ) on his unofficial acceptance to the mcnally smith college of music following his audition today.
Go G-Men!
RT A constitutional amendment. A super committee. How many ways will Congress invent to avoid voting to balance the budget?
It's not enough to be busy, so are the ants. The question is, what are we busy about? -Henry David Thoreau
appreciates the new moon energy...
It was definitely a fun movie. But I wanted more. Was missing some emotional pull, and a few inconsistencies in script.
#Angels on the right side of a shutout tonight. Way to deal Big Erv. Light that baby up!
Fine Arts Library is so quiet this morning
just heading into the office now... I have no idea what u guys are talking about I AM PUMPED UP!!! ;)
Last week Kansas was lucky to get past Purdue. Tonight UNC was lucky to get past Ohio. Feeling this game is over.
hahaha what a bad, definitely should have known that lol
okay NO! I have to take you now lol!
hahaha its not like that!
s favorite horse" I'll have another" just won the derby
ever share an notebook with a client? that is what I am aiming for.
Going to Frenchman, might play some on the street to help promote Search & Restore! (badass music festival happening this week!)
everybody dies! ;) haha I'm only like 1/4 of the way through but it's really good so far :)
O. I wanna read it when you're done.
If you're ever back in Madison we'd love 2 have you on Channel 27's morning show. No hair-cutting duty this time
engage new audiences, affect visitors' perception of museum, share info not appropriate for other channels.
hell yes cuzz...hella funny..i do feel you..
White and Black blazers just in!!!!!!!
thank you very much Ian
Dinner is finally in the oven....and the power goes out.
Painting my nails  
Facebook just announced that they're buying Instagram for a billion dollars.
Then wooster & jeeves had an episode with black face minstrals?
Loves life leavin for school in... 5 weeks : )
I'm not horny. But my dick is.
#ThingsIwantTheMost to see finish training
Probably they're evil. Just seemed odd to me. Can't remember seeing something as a fraction of an OZ before.
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino is definitely a new favorite. Blended sweetness with cookie and chocolate whipped cream.
is at the Jazz Kitchen this weekend for CD release performances with the Pharez Whitted Sextet.
www.igoopon.com TODAY'S DEAL - $ 10 for $ 20 / $ 20 for $ 40 Worth of Coupon - Buzz BBQ
yes I hope so!! LOL I got some very helpful feedback so we will see :) have a wonderful weekend love! #bestperformance KIT
BOGO Free edibles tomorrow all day at the Farm, drop on by and say "Hi".
It was so great to meet you at the Natural Baby Fair yesterday!
I need that freakin hour back...
That's because it is. Were you not there when I started biting people?!
see there is a different her kids didn"t until there granny came and got them
"Sometimes" directed by WAYM instructors Sarah Milinski & David Sloan was accepted into the 2012
Lebron misses two key free throws...
Yeah? Why don't we? Hmm. Enjoy going to the xkcd site every so often and catching up, tho.
's got something different tho.
Regarde-ci! RT french macarons, sorbet, mousse, cakes, buttercreami will put st germain in just about anything
I saw when you were working on that. It turned out lovely!
God Bless and enjoy the holiday Dre!!
: Youre welcome! Glad to connect with you!
yeah. I'm over it. I'll fuck that bitch
couldn't wait... Been there, done that ;-)
.... Or in my bed in San Diego?! Haha idk that's a tough one ;)
Absolutely, loving it!
#castle is good, wife doesn't agree however...
rumour has it lol and what makes you beautiful oh my god
#wla12 is an excellent moderator: sharp questions, good followup, useful summary.
I NEED TO TALK 2 SOMEBODYY ON DA PHONE
RT : B!tch, i will punch you by accident on purpose.
Can't really explain how sweet + validating the response to has been // thanks, dear friends
Thank you! I hope so.
hope all is well, follow back, lets chat DM us
Off to #layn to teach a cooking class for the kids. Should be a blast
Z has his work cut out for him. I didn't think macklin would make it past 6.
Just ordered the book. Looking forward to reading it. Thnx for setting businesses on the debt-free track!
I have the best friends ever. Well done, me!
I'm going to go make a tofu scramble and then head out to Berkeley to see !!! And ~ :3
my guitar teacher laid a sick lead over my bridge for the one song
Our Valentine's Day baskets make a great addition/alternative to flowers for that special someone! Grab yours at the Shoppe today!...
Poland needs your help. Do something, please!
I wish you didn't look so sad :(:(:(
Just saw Allen Iverson at Cumberland today.
Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit and still keep moving forward.
are you gonna try and win too?:)
The sun goes down the sun comes up.
My Weekend Gonna Be Fun
Youve been together for 2 weeks and everyone already knows you fight more than a married couple. Dontcha think theres something wrong?
Ideally, you can use Hart as trade bait for young shortstop (Mets, Phils, Marlins, among others). Gamel in mix at first.
"200 OLLG tickets & 50+ million Beliebers around the world." Happy Hunger Games guys ;)
lmao it's just saying hello to you!
Coffee makes me a better person in the morning.
Sudoku at 1:45AM ? I have such an adventurous life.
Burnt my finger on my hot glue gun :(
After a few bourbon duds recently I think #singlemaltscotch has become my whisky of choice again
another day, another engagement on facebook
Thanks for stopping by to see us! What flavors did you try?
I love LGB. 6 mins curb to gate might be a new record. Hardly Strictly Bluegrass!
Happy Easter Familia: Classes today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner Salsa; Intermediate
i'm listenting to that old song tank on me. imao.
The costliest words you'll ever utter are the excuses you use for not doing the things you know deed to be done.
When people pronounce the 't' in 'often' <
Me too. ;) #140MTL RT : gonna be on ustream at around 4ish tomorrow. Waiting for link.
haha same here... keep doing it until you're out of chances
I completely agree.Parents find this advice very palatable. No one wants to believe there is something "wrong" with their child.
I appreciate the thought of communal kitchen duty at work, but seeing the stuffed rat on my desk as a reminder of my turn is off-putting.
Chemistry Joke are sodium funny.
Portland trivia for the day. The OCC was the first convention center to receive LEED certification. True or false?
Starting off the summer season with new commitments and goals. Do you have any changes you want to make this summer in Milwaukee?
TELL ME A #FUNFACTABOUTME! I WANT TO KNOW YOU GUYS BETTER!
Trip to NOLA the last week of July! Where should I eat?
Christel House congratulates our Founder, Christel DeHaan, for making a difference through education around the world.
Eph 6:16 Above all, take the shield of faith, with which you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Vote Austin, 1D are already famous!
that is beautiful
Greinke versus Lincecum sounds much more appealing
i cant wait to get my car window flag Happy new yaer to all SEA SHEPHERD GO FULL FORCE
Ok im gonna check it out
Going to metamora, Indiana tomorrow
You're welcome honey, it sure was an adventure!
you put a "R" in Team....and we made eye contact for like 5 minutes lol
FA SHO..I'LL CHECK IT..
make us something to eat
Roll call which lovely ladies are busing it to chitown this weekend?
The best u ever had...nd there's no denying cuz u felt the need 2 prove a point...all smilez 4 me:)
Twitter is handling 1.6 billion queries per day.
...a big thanks to all of you who brought your energy, enthusiasm, DH smarts, & good humor to Charlottesville this weekend for #THATCamp!
I don't wanna be around people today
Summer programs coming to an end, fall sign up for fall programs now!
#carrieunderwoodisperfect RT : I want to look like Carrie Underwood on the cover of her new album
Who's next for the legendary kill list this year Wicked Will has gone missing his name will be on the kill list wherever Demonic Will be!!!!
I wish I knew more smart men, that were sexy and good in bed too. This needs to be a priority, where are they?
I love for so many different reasons. mostly b/c they're true blue.
i heard sandy puked all in her car lmao
had the special tonight - delicious!
my underwear!!!
Great seeing you, as always!
Me too! Totally on point!
Hatch Staffing Services would like to wish everyone a wonderful holiday weekend!
": See ya tonight ! #itsmybirthday!" Happy Birthday....great way to spend it!! ;)
So Facebook #librarians, whats the verdict? Do we like the new timeline pages?
just like tracy morgan #getitpregnant lol
Blowing air into the caprisun to get more juice lol
Just saw a commercial for Sketchers "Bob's". Is that supposed to be a joke? Or do they not know about ?!?!
This is nacho your regular night - it's 1/2 price burger night!
aww I think I just made your night... cool :)
Thanks for that!!! RT : Making delicious pizzas at
No coverage of the biggest student funded project in the history of UW-Madison? Design budget no coverage
No. Been on furlough. But I might be able to guess. What is it?
"Blessed are you donors, because the Kingdom of Maryland is yours."
Oh Hil, headbands? Really? I'm not sure we're still rocking that look.
I Kant wait to travel
Thanks, Zach. And of course you can too. *hug back*
Landed in Chicago! And instantly I want potato skins and a beer, what is it with the midwest?
EuroGayYemenGitmoBugs - Tonight on the
your butterflies falling in love feeling I cannot drinks 6 & 7
go tom hanks!
Meaning? RT Turnout in VA (~260,000) is miserable: 5.5% of registered voters, lowest of any VA GOP presidential primary ever.
My confidence and creativity wax and wanes as i discover that someone else thought of the word "Rasterbation" before i did.
Work, mice, homework.... Jeeze what the hell are these weeks coming too lol
Thanks Brian, I'm going to let the newsroom know about that!
Eye-opening financial talk with 
RT : Latest 2nd round senarios: If LAC wins Game 6 vs Memphis, Game 1 vs. Spurs is Sun at noon; Game 2 is Tuesday at 8:30 ...
you'll gain another 5 pounds
Head over to the Museum of the Moving image for the Jim Henson Muppets exhibit. It's just down the street.
Good morning!!! :)
- Our friends at www.fakediamondsclothing.com just dropped their Spring line. Buy them all!!!!!!
Come what may, Republicans will be electing a "racist" today! Just follow their tweets and sound bites and you will know.
Going to sleep. Good night. Waking up early, putting on my Adele dvd, and taking practice tests for my permit. That's gonna be my morning.
and #Amtrak is moving. An hr 15 delayed but we're a go. #megabus still sucks
Worlds Greatest DAD Hoodie
Thank you! Go to Musee D'Orsay for early works of Monet, etc! I also studied French 2 write CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET
...and the Comic Con geekery begins spilling out onto the net!
and i have so much to tell u!
Yeah! RT : Every time I see a moth I swear they get bigger every fuckin day.
no man is safe you can run but you can't Hide
Why am I so possessive about the amount of sleep I get
Grabbing something quick to eat than joining the annual Sunday migration to the outdoor bar
I really enjoy days like this with and
Been at work since 6am and can't believe how much work can accumulate in one day.
Idiot kid wants to have an ice war I say no cause then we are going to get wet Idiot kid - "it's different its ice not water genius."
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
I was thinking the same thing
Watching whale songs on #utube at breakfast. Mezmorizing. both kids are entranced.
Congrats to Cafe Juanita chef Holly Smith! Nominated "outstanding chef"! Well deserved!
if there's a groupon for a movie, the movie probably sucks.
glad you are feelin the album, got a favorite track?
was goodie follow me josh good look
CAN U MAKE HIM JIZZ TWICE???
I agree - something upbeat for summer! ??
I'm praying for david silverman, head of atheists group-apparently he & his group need prayer, hope they don't sue me 4 my prayers 4 them?!?
Finally caught up on SMASH. Overwhelmed; in the best possible way (I think).
RT 2 me 2 Carmen. Stopped me in my tracks. did a great report on stigma. This brought it home again.
I get to see your amazing boyfriend in concert in 83 days :) xx
I have a Wreck This Journal and I'm in love with it
Stay warm, buy a tee!
Oh baby baby ;)
#SaySomething was AMAZING as i was expecting (: i loved it <3
Thursday at 6. At 1505 east Carson street. 40 bucks a ticket. Email
Honestly, is it a good idea to throw a ball at a ref?
Chair Wachtmann stops Rep. Carney from asking questions "so that opponents can testify." Chair could have called expert witnesses first.
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
yes! how long did it take you to finish it? .. 30 seconds? a minute? lmao
'how do i reach these keeeeeds?'
I was confused by Seattle's jerseys. I walked into the wrong bullpen.
I read it via email.
": I'm not saying she is a slut, but her vagina volunteers a lot."
But did the octopus predict the spread? I don't think so.
never give up on your dreams <3 --goodnight, (: <3
I really love the red hot chili peppers
This red light near my house is insane.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
Dino @ Bang Salon is great too!! Added bonus-- he's from Pittsburgh!!
If you plan on seeing the Natalie Merchant concert the line is forming & it ain't short.
U STILL THERE?
do you want those shoes I wore to prom back?
did u ever seperate the hair from your shit? LOL
LMFAO like i feel bad yet...happy...i dont like the lakers or kobe at that
#BiggestFear my dad.
NOT EVEN! <3
Gotta get my mind off of things.. Number game? Send me numbers(:
:( feel better !! Mish u
Facebook Jobs India
hey Kevin. He actually spoke at the Wake County precinct meetings last month.
: Everyone go follow athlete  Jack's the Man!!
Magnetic field in radio lobes of cygnus (mainly just substition work)
Glad to hear it. If you have questions, send them my way and I'll answer on my blog.
Tweeting their lives away.
Clear your head... Breathe.... AND PARTY LIKE ITS 1999
sending a happy 30th birthday to my sailor across the sea on the #ussenterprise ! can't wait to celebrate when you get home <3 xoxoxx
Do you know my favorite all time movie is the color of friendship???;)
And the timing... RT It is funny how Komen was exposed and enable more women to become advocates of thier own destiny.
Naw I think I still got the charger. Its cause I found my blue version pokemon. (X its 1(310)694-2136 just text me with your name
Sanford pushing for trout farming
I was going to write, but then knitting sounded so much more appealing.
Really?? You're not gonna play it?!?! Dumb!!!
Happy Sunday! Thanks for the
No Doubt!
8 am and I'm still going strong!!!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Everything in my car is rattling. I'm not sure if I want this to be an earthquake or bad struts.
best singer ever<3 like no joke!! he has the most amazing voice ever!!<3
Sax, With Kyle ... Live right now ... Http://sax.sprnetwork.com ... 8 minutes of great sax
Good point: not all words are created equal. I'd take 50 of Stephen King's words a day over my 2k.
anything I can do? for the event? Im philly based
Well shoot. I hope to meet you someday.
Doing Marketing at the Gold Dust Days in Gold Bar. Smaller market, but good people.
thanks for the follow..like us at Facebook at seismic-sound. Been awhile since we've seen you guys. New material?
Depends on what you're studying. You can love it and hate it with equal passion. What is your present interest?
AAAHAHAHAHA! RT 8 Thanksgiving observances gone horribly wrong on Facebook.
So i've been looking for a job for a bit now and I go on my facebook page and it says I work at "Taylor gang & Paper Planes. TF!!!
You're welcome. Would love it if you follow me as well! :-)
Yes it really is :)
I got rejected when I asked if I could just go pee...
1955: The Yankees trounce Washington, 19-1, at Yankee Stadium in the most lopsided Opening Day victory in history.
I'm gonna miss carbone :(:(
Muscles still hurt and sleeping too much. Gotta get up!
mmmhmm out of macomb. Time for a new sea of fish
some1 told me is releasing a sex tape. That seems odd she is releasing her own tape? I'm confused but kinda curious 2 C it.
:) What you doing up this early my love
Heading to the brewers game tonight... Who wants beast gear? Get it at milwaukeesbeast.bigcartel.com
whats up everyone?
Are You Rollin ??? Bitch I Might Be
kewl..and i just came up with some stuff too
No potbelly today :(
thing is, there are entrenched interests that want to keep govt interface difficult to preserve their bus. model. (Turbotax)
I think mother nature is PMSing
in schools
#HowAboutWe just admit we're perfect for eachother.
I'm too busy fuckin with that jeezy. And that waka and French. Holla. Haha
Robert Allen teaches the Emile Coue quote: "When the will comes in conflict with imagination, imagination carries the day" We'll help you...
Actually, being married is like eating your favorite food everyday, after a couple days your like like, fuck this lasagna, I want a taco!!
no chorizo, rice was underneath and we had to settle for wine - what do YOU know about paella, hmm?
who do we have to be to receive God's answer to our prayer?
You just missed out! But thank you for responding!
3 days til we party so hard one of us is gonna end up in a wheelchair in Vegas baby!
I want mine done
Sometimes "Fuck You" is the best answer. But not always...sadly.
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
The yo having issue with curve again
you are the man!
sufficiently napped after the 5K and with a fresh espresso. Bring on the words!
I just found that out a few months ah then I was reminded about it again today
that or me ;)
Is it weird that I'm jealous of the guy that invented the pet rock?
I've held events at Sundance, Harley davidson, and Olbrich. All great venues. #congrats!
Misreading signals, attachment issues.
*Sob sob sob* Pray for Pauly :'(
why are my days off always out numbered by the days I have to work.
#C34 duct tape to the rescue!
you guys are awesome!!! just listened to you and now you have yourselves a new fan! :)
I did one like this too... -___- we were all #bitches lol.
There's also a script written for a third Bill and Ted movie with them middle aged.
In WSJ calls out Obama 4 not criticizing left's sexism but doesn't mention the Rep prez wannabes cowering at Limbaugh's feet
Met my new student in the #univmiami mentor program last night Kai Xu Looking forward to great year Miami biz leaders - become mentors
The whiskey cakes are soo good! RT : UM alcohol infused cupcakes YEA imma need those
Shot several pictures in Texas & got to tell you a lot of not so nice people. I am sure there are but...
Great job boys!!!!
I'd like to be everything you want :D
Why Do People Assume When You're A Teen & Pregnant, You Automatically Drop Out Of School etc? ..
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Jupiter has 63 moons and one of them is volcanically active- the only one of its kind in the entire solar system!
Pool all day & Crafters $1 beer during the USA game
have you guys chosen the next winner of the sunglasses yet??
M had a good meal :)
for sure man, actually sounds like we have a lot to catch-up on. been a while. let's connect via email tomorrow, find a time
